Jamaika McAdams and Susannah Munro
Mon, Apr 20, 2026

0:01 - Eric Hargrave
I know, you know, I don't know where all this rain is coming from, but it says they're going to be having it all week.

0:06 - Susannah Munro
Yes. And of course it's Fiesta here. So, you know, that's a major no, no, we have no rain during Fiesta.

0:16 - Eric Hargrave
That huge there in San Antonio. Oh my goodness.

0:20 - Susannah Munro
Yes. So say, well, good.

0:27 - Unidentified Speaker
So tell me how everything's been, Eric.

0:29 - Eric Hargrave
Everything's been really busy, really positioning more than anything. We have been getting the team together as you've already met Jamaika, you remember from last time meeting in person when we came down to San Antonio.

0:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

0:47 - Eric Hargrave
But we added a couple of the consultants to the team and we've come up with some real good tools.

0:54 - Susannah Munro
Okay.

0:55 - Eric Hargrave
That we want to speak to you about and possibly give us some pointers and where we should begin to start to market these products. Some of them for community projects, some of these for more of the DOD space.

1:16 - Susannah Munro
Okay.

1:18 - Susannah Munro
So sure, yeah, if you wanna, so yeah, so tell me what y'all been doing. I am, Trying to wait until Terry jumps in.

1:30 - Eric Hargrave#+#Susannah Munro
He just joined.

1:31 - Admin
He just joined. Okay. I know he had another meeting. So awesome, Terry.

1:39 - Eric Hargrave
So you already met Jamaika, and then this is Dr. Terry Flood. We've combined, we're all veterans, retired veterans, and are working together just to help in many areas. But as we start moving in the dod space and darpa and those nih type of contracts we were just wanting to bend your ear and get your advice on which way we should go with that and some people you may be able to introduce us to to get us moving fast in that market space.

2:16 - Susannah Munro
Okay, and so, for what are y'all focusing on?

2:23 - Terry Flood
For NIH, I'm focusing on research and implementation science and how to bridge that 17-year gap from research to implementation. And I see that they have a lot of funding available for that. And so I was wondering what to do in that area. I have a built a software application that actually helps expedite that whole process. And I wanted to get it to the right funders to study it and see if it is something that could have beneficial results.

3:09 - Susannah Munro
OK, so y'all are talking more on the SBIR, STTR side?

3:13 - Terry Flood
Yeah, I've done SBIR, STTR. Just got reauthorized. So prior to that, I was looking at OTAs and BAAs because it was like a six month gap. But yeah, I'm definitely interested in the SBIR and the STTR. I did an STTR with University of Dallas a couple of years ago. So that was pretty good process. But yeah, definitely the SBIR.

3:41 - Susannah Munro
Okay, great. So we actually have a specialty center, the Technology and Commercialization Center, and I'm going to connect you with Biju. He is the director of that, and they work with, that's all they do is SBIRs, STTRs. So he probably has a lot more information, but I will definitely connect you to TCC, the technology commercialization.

4:11 - Terry Flood
But yeah, so they can definitely help.

4:14 - Susannah Munro
But have y'all looked at the forecast? And let me share my screen.

4:22 - Susannah Munro
So the federal forecasting tool, just to see what's coming down the pipeline on the contract side.

4:31 - Terry Flood
I've and SBIR site.

4:34 - Susannah Munro
OK. I saw that.

4:37 - Terry Flood
But no, I have not seen this.

4:40 - Susannah Munro
All right, so I'm going to put this link in chat. So, and I'll send you a summary email as well.

4:46 - Terry Flood
But, um, so yeah, just put this link in chat.

4:50 - Susannah Munro
So this is a new or fairly new tool that all agencies are supposed to use to forecast their upcoming, you know, opportunities. So you can download this into Excel, you can share it. You can filter it. So you could focus on, you know, let's see, NIH, here we go. So if we just look at NIH, okay, right now there's no, do we have any other filters? I don't think so. So they may not have any, there's maybe more on the SBIR STT side.

5:29 - Terry Flood
Yeah, I think they, I think the CDC may have some on there. Okay. So let's think, but again, they got new leadership too. So things have changed a lot. When is CDC finished for disease control?

5:46 - Susannah Munro
Yeah, that's when I sent her.

5:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay, so let's take this off.

5:59 - Susannah Munro
Let's, so they may fall under Department of Health and Human Services.

6:14 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

6:15 - Susannah Munro
And then let's see if it shows up here then. CDC.

6:22 - Terry Flood
I think Health and Human Services is the big umbrella.

6:25 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

6:30 - Susannah Munro
Disease control outcome, there's no, interesting.

6:35 - Susannah Munro#+#Terry Flood
I saw DHS, but that might be more security. Well, what we could do is sort of focus on, so give me a NEXCA. Actually, I pulled up your SBA profile, so let me pull.

6:48 - Susannah Munro
So what NEXCO are y'all looking at? Is it gonna be more on...

6:52 - Terry Flood
For research, Is that code real quick?

7:02 - Susannah Munro
So you may need to add that to your SAM registration. Our research?

7:10 - Eric Hargrave
Yes, we do need to add that.

7:11 - Susannah Munro
OK, because I was going to say I don't see it in here.

7:15 - Eric Hargrave
We have.

7:16 - Susannah Munro
So are you doing all of this? Are you doing freight? We're doing.

7:25 - Eric Hargrave
So we have, we have for logistics we keep that on there for those transportation contracts that may pop up.

7:36 - Susannah Munro
OK. So y'all can actually do this.

7:39 - Eric Hargrave
Yes, ma'am. OK. Yeah.

7:41 - Terry Flood
And then I have a whole separate company. I have all my codes in there, too. So we team sometimes and work together. OK.

7:52 - Susannah Munro
Now, is your company- I think this is one of the relevant codes for us.

7:56 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

7:57 - Susannah Munro
Is it registered in SAM as well? Yeah. And you have the SDVOSB?

8:02 - Terry Flood
I don't have that yet. OK.

8:04 - Susannah Munro
So if something is set aside, and Eric, you probably already know, and you may know this too, Dr. Flood, but if something is set aside for veteran that's in your wheelhouse, you would need to be the lead, but you would need to have that certification.

8:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

8:19 - Susannah Munro#+#Terry Flood
So have you started that? OK. Yeah. I'm working with the Small Business Administration.

8:24 - Terry Flood
I was establishing another company because Terry and SBIR, I didn't think they were coming back and I was gonna rebrand. But now that they're back, I'm staying with that company. And so that's the only reason I didn't get the set aside at the time. But yeah, in contact with SBA right now and doing all of the...

8:51 - Susannah Munro
Filling out the form and doing all of that.

8:54 - Terry Flood
But yeah, I dropped the code in the chat.

8:57 - Susannah Munro
Oh, OK.

8:58 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

9:01 - Eric Hargrave
OK. 541720. Yes. Yeah.

9:11 - Susannah Munro
Really? OK, let's just take that off. There we go. Well, that's interesting.

9:16 - Terry Flood
So you can download this and filter it, but this will tell you, so it can give you the estimated contract value.

9:24 - Susannah Munro
You know the dates that they're projecting. Of course, when you click on this, and this may not be in your wheelhouse, but just so you can see, you get some more information.

9:38 - Susannah Munro
The quarter, so they're looking at third quarter, here's the contact. So if you do find something that you're interested in, you can email the contact and send them your capabilities, letting them know what you can do and just kind of introduce yourself. But you have more info, you know, it gives you a little bit more info.

9:59 - Terry Flood
Yeah, that's amazing. This is really a nice tool.

10:03 - Eric Hargrave
Yes, yes.

10:06 - Susannah Munro
So let's see.

10:14 - Susannah Munro
I'm just going to see if there's any.

10:18 - Susannah Munro
And we can do a keyword search as well. That may be.

10:22 - Terry Flood
OK, let's do. Let's see.

10:25 - Susannah Munro
OK, so we'll use that next code. And what would be a keyword?

10:31 - Terry Flood
Research or implementation. OK, let's just look at research.

10:39 - Unidentified Speaker
OK, so it narrowed it down to 103. So this one, it looks like it's on the smaller side.

10:46 - Susannah Munro
It's a million bucks. It's real time bridge condition and rating system. Somehow this still doesn't. But it gives you the contact. It's a firm fixed price. Here's the listing. So you could set up a search in SAM for Department of Transportation. This is actually with, yeah. So you know it just kind of gives you this one. They're estimating, so this they're estimating that it already came out, but you know how you know agencies kind of fall behind if they don't have funding and all that good stuff. But this tool could be a really good way for you to target the future opportunities and yes, and allow you to kind of prepare for it. So here's one that's like below 150. It's an online.

11:40 - Susannah Munro
This is with the VA.

11:48 - Susannah Munro
Third quarter. It's Tony Owens again and So it should be below 150,000, so they won't tell you where it's the place of performance. That's interesting, but you know you could reach out to him and then of course you could set up a search Now, be careful. Don't just use this. You want to use the VA as well, because they could change the listing ID, and then you would miss it. So don't be too restrictive in your SAM searches. But again, this could be a really good tool. OK, so whenever you go back, it deletes all your search criteria. But it's a really good tool. You know, to see what's coming out and down the pipeline and everything. So you could definitely use this to track the future, the ones that are not posted in SAM yet.

12:46 - Terry Flood
Oh, that's really cool. Yeah.

12:49 - Susannah Munro
So this could help you, you know, kind of place yourself and prepare for, you know, a solicitation that's going to be posted in SAM.

12:57 - Terry Flood
Yeah.

12:58 - Susannah Munro
And then of course, you know, you can kind of start networking, kind of start putting a plan together. And then when everything comes out, you're ready to hit the ground running.

13:09 - Eric Hargrave
So OK, and then 54. Now for ones that we want to introduce, like we have a tool that we want to talk with FEMA about for a new app that could help in disasters. OK. Another one.

13:28 - Susannah Munro
Go ahead.

13:32 - Susannah Munro
On your SAM registration, I may have to log in. Do you remember if you, I don't think it tells you here, if you registered for the disaster?

13:45 - Eric Hargrave
Yes, ma'am. Yeah, and I know I did because- I did.

13:49 - Susannah Munro
Okay, good. They just sent me something about FAR.

13:52 - Terry Flood
Oh, good.

13:54 - Susannah Munro
All

13:59 - Susannah Munro
So there is with FEMA. So even though you say you want to do business in SAM, oops, OK, lessons learned. Make sure you're on the official site.

14:12 - Terry Flood
It's got to be dot gov.

14:16 - Susannah Munro
That's the one thing I always say, and I just clicked on the wrong one. All right, so the official site, FEMA.gov. And I'll put this link in chat. So what you can do is fill out their intake form, basically. So if you've already done all of this, here's kind of their top commodities that they go after. If you want to monitor contracts, you know, because FEMA also has logistics. So yeah, so that may be a good way to track things.

14:53 - Susannah Munro
If you keep going down, you can submit your capabilities and request a meeting with FEMA to go over there. So would be a really good way for you to kind of get your foot in the door and then present, you know, what y'all have. So when you send your capabilities, so first of all, you want to make sure the SAM registration is updated with the correct NICS codes, but you can tailor or the capabilities just for that tool that you have, the app that you have.

15:28 - Eric Hargrave
Okay. That's amazing.

15:31 - Susannah Munro
Yeah.

15:32 - Terry Flood
So I think- Yeah, because I know that FEMA just gave out a bunch of money to the states, because I have a solution for counter UAS, but I don't really see that in the- So, okay.

15:48 - Susannah Munro
So, One thing I was gonna say, where are you? So Eric, I see that you're on the CMBL, but you don't have the state VET Hub.

16:02 - Eric Hargrave
Yes, we have about two more documents to upload into that VET Hub registration.

16:07 - Susannah Munro
Okay.

16:09 - Eric Hargrave
But we are like at the end of that register, we just got two more documents to upload and that'll be done with that registration.

16:16 - Susannah Munro
Okay, good. So there the other is Texas. Hold on. Emergency. Emergency. No. Emergency management.

16:33 - Susannah Munro
Okay. So, hold on here. So the state, so when we had those big floods last year, the state post there, and of course I will find you the link if, but they do their solicitation. So it should be on the CNBL. So you're already on that.

17:04 - Susannah Munro
But they post them on the Texas A&M. Hold on here. It's here somewhere. Regions about.

17:21 - Susannah Munro
Disaster portal.

17:24 - Susannah Munro
No, that's for. Yeah, that's fine. So let me find there is a link where they post everything and I will find that and send that to you.

17:38 - Susannah Munro
But it's through the Texas A&M I thought was interesting, because you would think it would be through their own procurement, but it's not.

17:48 - Terry Flood
But I will find... Is it on TDEM?

17:53 - Eric Hargrave
Maybe that's it.

17:54 - Susannah Munro
Well, this is TDEM. What do they call it? Emergency... Okay, that's the committee. All right.

18:10 - Susannah Munro
Well, this may be a good thing for y'all to sign up for. I wonder if to get email updates on the emergency management advice. I mean, I don't know.

18:22 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

18:24 - Terry Flood
Yeah.

18:25 - Susannah Munro
So let me put this link in chat. It's funny when you just click a but that is not the link I was looking for.

18:38 - Susannah Munro
I will find it and send it to you. I know I have it.

18:43 - Susannah Munro
But anyway, but this would be, you know, something to register with, because like you said, the federal government gives them money to TDEM, and then TDEM goes out and they have their list of emergency folks, you know, around the state. And of course, depending on where the disaster is, you know, they try to use the local or regional, you know, small businesses in that area. So just to kind of spread the wealth. And of course, you know, they can, they're able to maneuver quicker because they're already there.

19:18 - Terry Flood
So, yeah. All right, so good.

19:21 - Susannah Munro
So I just wanted to bring that up. So the state may be a great way off to work with FEMA so that way you're registered at the federal level and then at the state level as well.

19:32 - Terry Flood
That makes sense.

19:34 - Eric Hargrave
I do see that there are different registrations.

19:38 - Susannah Munro
Yes, unfortunately there are so not just one.

19:46 - Eric Hargrave
We had to create a different listing database for all of the systems we're registered on.

19:52 - Susannah Munro
Yeah, because they all have different password requirements. Even though you're not supposed to keep a list of your passwords, right? I mean, but it's almost impossible not to.

20:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Right.

20:06 - Susannah Munro
Yes, it does get confusing. So yes, so this would be good. The FEMA site registering with FEMA and then, you know, like I said, update SAM first to make sure all your next codes are properly know, showing properly, because whatever next code you use on your with FEMA, you want to make sure they're on SAM as well, because they're, that's going to be the first thing they do. And then you can request a meeting. And, you know, just kind of go over, you know, what you wanted to introduce to them to show them. And it may be something I don't think FEMA does, I don't think they have time to do SBIRs, but, you know, it could be something with a new capability, so.

20:57 - Terry Flood
Yeah.

20:58 - Susannah Munro
To streamline services, so.

21:02 - Terry Flood
Yeah, because I was told that they're trying to push really urgently because of the World Cup that's coming up.

21:10 - Susannah Munro
Oh, yeah. Yeah, so they wanted to make sure the stadiums were secure with counter-UAS capabilities.

21:17 - Terry Flood
and I have it, and I saw that they gave out a lot of money. I think my buddy's in El Paso right now, and he's right on the border, and he said that there's a professor at whatever, UT, university is right out there, and he gave me his contact information. Oh, UTEP. Yeah, UTEP, and gave me his contact information, but I haven't heard back from him, because he's, I guess, big in that space, so I said when Eric said that you were having the call with you. I was like, Oh, this is probably better than talking to that professor. But yeah, this has been really good information already. So I'm yeah.

21:58 - Eric Hargrave
Every time we talk. Oh, yeah.

22:02 - Susannah Munro
Well, and you know, me and I'll refer you like I said to be Joe and his group. Now, BJ when I say BJ in his group, it's him and one other person. So we were affected. Yeah, we were all affected by, you know, all the changes last year. So we are smaller and leaner than ever.

22:22 - Terry Flood
Yeah, I was a VA employee up until last week. I got tired of the changes. So gosh, yeah. I'm much better off on the outside than the inside.

22:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah.

22:35 - Susannah Munro
And it's, it's just crazy with all the changes and they keep coming, you know? Yeah.

22:41 - Terry Flood
Yeah. I'm not as adaptable as I used to be, so I can't just take everybody's abuse. A few people, but not everybody.

22:53 - Susannah Munro
There comes a point in time when you're like, I'm done.

22:59 - Terry Flood
I'm at that point.

23:02 - Terry Flood
I'd rather just do business with you guys as a contractor than being an employee and keep hearing the beatings. Continue until the morale improves.

23:12 - Susannah Munro
Yeah.

23:13 - Susannah Munro#+#Terry Flood
But bless your heart for standing there and doing the work, because you're helping us out a lot.

23:20 - Susannah Munro
Well, and you know, I mean, the ones of us that are still here, it's because we really, really do enjoy it. I mean, I love to help people. And I think, Eric, hopefully, that's come across.

23:33 - Eric Hargrave
Oh, yes, definitely. It definitely should. One thing I do know is when you get on the phone with you, be ready.

23:42 - Susannah Munro
I always give lots of homework.

23:44 - Eric Hargrave
Yes. I do have a question.

23:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Sure.

23:48 - Terry Flood
So when you get that certificate, because I did get the certificate from the state recognized me as a veteran on business. But there's further steps. I'm hearing you tell Eric, right?

24:00 - Susannah Munro
Yes. So why the state does it like this? So yes. So having the certification is one thing. OK, so you have the certification, but you want to be on the CMBL, which is so CMBL is when you are registered as a vendor with the state and you receive solicitations.

24:22 - Terry Flood
I get those.

24:26 - Susannah Munro
OK, so then you may be OK, so let me go.

24:30 - Terry Flood
I don't think I get him as a veteran.

24:35 - Susannah Munro
OK, What's the name of your company? Let's just look you up.

24:38 - Terry Flood
Let's see. It should be, like I said, I let it lapse, but they're still sending me stuff. It should be Integrated, so I-N-T-E-G-R-A-T-E-D, Services and Solutions. Okay.

25:01 - Susannah Munro
Come on. Um, they don't, they only allow, okay.

25:06 - Terry Flood
No, that's not me. That's not you.

25:10 - Susannah Munro#+#Terry Flood
So let's go to new search. Okay. So services.

25:16 - Unidentified Speaker
So integrated.

25:18 - Terry Flood
Yes. Services and solutions.

25:25 - Susannah Munro
Yeah. Okay, let me just look up integrated.

25:37 - Susannah Munro
So I believe if you're not active with the state.

25:43 - Terry Flood
I just renewed with the state. I think they just updated everything Friday, so it may not showing the system yet.

25:55 - Susannah Munro
Ah, okay.

25:55 - Terry Flood
Yeah, because I had my new business active with them.

25:59 - Eric Hargrave
But I'm not showing her even if we haven't done a CNBL registration.

26:05 - Susannah Munro
No, this is only if you have well, this is if you have either hub or CNBL.

26:13 - Eric Hargrave
Gotcha. So let me do this.

26:15 - Susannah Munro
So let's just look at that because you have the veteran certification or the vet hub.

26:21 - Terry Flood
but that's the weird thing is that the certification didn't specify my business it just specified me is that normal the certification but yeah I know I got certified but I was just like are you talking about that you got certified to be so did you fill out a bunch like did you submit your returns, your NIGP your operating agreement. I got the TVC VEP veteran verification letter.

26:59 - Susannah Munro#+#Terry Flood
Okay, so that is completely separate than what I'm talking about. So yes, it even gets more confusing.

27:06 - Terry Flood
Oh, okay.

27:07 - Eric Hargrave
So what was it that you got? What was it that you got?

27:11 - Terry Flood
The veteran verification letter?

27:14 - Eric Hargrave#+#Susannah Munro
Oh, yeah. Yeah.

27:16 - Susannah Munro
So that is for you to set up a free LLC through the Veterans Commission with the state. So if you are a veteran and you're 100% owner, then the state offers veterans a free LLC, but you have to have that letter first, and then you can submit, register the LLC with the state for free.

27:41 - Terry Flood
Okay, I know I'm already, the LLC registers. I wish I had known earlier. No, I want to actually be listed here where you were talking about for this.

27:53 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

27:54 - Eric Hargrave
Yeah, I can help you with that. Yeah, and I'll send it to you.

27:59 - Susannah Munro
So this is the link for the portal right here for the Vet Hub. And then to receive the solicitations from all the state agencies, to include small municipalities, school districts, even some nonprofits, they post on the CMBL. So this is where you can register to receive solicitations. And I'm going to put this in chat. Now there is a fee that's $70 a year. So yeah, so yeah, the state does make it very confusing for veterans. It's like, okay, Yeah. So it's, yeah, well, we all know it's a process no matter what government agency you're dealing with. So. I can copy that.

28:51 - Terry Flood
Okay.

28:54 - Terry Flood
So I need to get on the centralized mess.

28:58 - Eric Hargrave
Yeah. Okay. And then.

29:00 - Admin#+#Susannah Munro
When the notes come over, Terry, it should include the chat notes as well.

29:04 - Terry Flood
Okay. Oh yeah. Because yes.

29:07 - Susannah Munro
Y'all recorded it, so yeah. So you'll get another summary from me, but that's fine.

29:15 - Admin
Awesome. We can never have too many.

29:17 - Terry Flood
Summarize the summary. Yeah, there you go.

29:21 - Susannah Munro
Yeah, so I'll introduce you to Bijou and the Technology Commercialization Center. I want you to update Sam. Send you the forecast tool, of course. This, so I'm warning you, this can take you down a rabbit hole in no time quick. So if you're like me and you're like, oh, this is cool. Let me search that. Let me search this. And then, yeah, five hours have gone by, so.

29:52 - Terry Flood
Oh, well, rabbit hole.

29:54 - Susannah Munro
And then I'm going to send you this link with FEMA. Just make sure your SAM registration does include that you registered in the disaster what do they call it? Disaster assistance disaster registry. OK, yeah. So and then you know what? Oh and then. The SBIR so I and I'm also going to send you the list of the and Eric you may have this, but I have an updated list of all the federal POC the small business liaisons, okay. For the local area, because some folks have left, but hold on, I'm trying to pull it up.

30:45 - Terry Flood
I'm so glad SBIR is open, because these big primes are just elbowing everybody in the- Oh, yes.

30:53 - Susannah Munro
You cannot compete with them.

30:55 - Terry Flood
No. No. You can join them, but they're going going to take a lot of equity from you as you partner with them. I know that.

31:06 - Susannah Munro
Yeah, unfortunately. But I'm going to send you this list as well, so that you have the Joint Base San Antonio, Lackland, Randolph, Fort Sam, You even have, you know, the installation and mission support. You're also going to have Defense Health Agency, the Mission Installation Contracting Command, Laughlin, Goodfellow. So yeah.

31:42 - Terry Flood
Texas National Guard.

31:44 - Eric Hargrave#+#Susannah Munro
Yeah. Yeah. So I'm going to send y'all this list.

31:47 - Susannah Munro
And you know, you have the email so you can send them your capability statement and then introduce yourself. You may even want to go in and just, so DODAC. So, you know, you can search Sam for DODACs, right? You're aware of that?

32:07 - Susannah Munro
So DODAC, so if you, there, so let's say you want to do work with the 502nd. So the 502nd, where are they? They buy a- Joint Base San Antonio? Yes. So they do, they buy a lot of things. No way, oh yeah. So you could go in and do a search in SAM. So this, the FA-3016, that's gonna be all the contracts that Joint Base San Antonio has out there. And you could also set up a search just with this DODAC. So the same, so DODACs can help you narrow down to a particular agency. And so, and trick of the trade, you probably already know this. If you want to know the DoDAC for a particular agency, put it in Google and see what comes up.

33:02 - Eric Hargrave#+#Terry Flood
Or even use chat. So if I wanted to do business with Fort Hood, I could just put in that DoDAC and send it to their contracting officer?

33:11 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

33:12 - Susannah Munro
Well, it'll take you to their opportunities in SAM.

33:16 - Terry Flood
Oh, really?

33:16 - Susannah Munro
Okay. Yeah, so you could come in, you could look at there. Now, you know what? I'm not sure. Let's try something here. You just made me think of something. Let's go and look at that forecast tool real quick.

33:38 - Susannah Munro
Do we have DODAC here? Oh, come on, share, share. All right.

33:47 - Susannah Munro
No, but let's try this. What if we put the DODAC in filter?

33:56 - Susannah Munro
Well, it could just be that one. Doesn't help.

34:00 - Terry Flood
I found the DODAC for Fort Hood.

34:03 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

34:04 - Susannah Munro
BLA.mil. Okay. There you go. Yeah. So you could use that to, but I was hoping. I guess this tool is not set up for; hold on, where's the 502nd. Here we go, okay.

34:22 - Susannah Munro
So the forecast tool, so this is the 502nd, and yeah. So you can't search by DODAC on the forecast tool, unfortunately, but you Can and Sam.

34:38 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.

34:40 - Eric Hargrave
So this is the OK, so this is all right, so let me pull up Sam.

34:45 - Susannah Munro
I think I have it open. OK, so let me so if you're on Sam, you go to search. Y'all can see my screen, right?

34:56 - Terry Flood
OK, go to contracting contracting opportunities.

35:01 - Susannah Munro
And then type in here. And it's going to make a liar out of me.

35:11 - Susannah Munro
Let's look at.

35:15 - Eric Hargrave
Juliet Romeo Romeo 3. Whiskey 45 Juliet Romeo 3 right? Yeah.

35:29 - Eric Hargrave
W45JR. Nothing there either.

35:32 - Susannah Munro
Hold on. They have a lot of DODACs for Fort Hood.

35:35 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

35:36 - Eric Hargrave
So I just put in the 502nd.

35:40 - Unidentified Speaker
Holy cow. 10,000. Now some of these I did.

35:43 - Susannah Munro
Let me uncheck inactive.

35:54 - Susannah Munro
All right, so that's more like it. So yeah, so they have 48 active opportunities with the 502nd.

36:07 - Susannah Munro
But you could set up searches with the DODAC. So it's just another way to search them.

36:16 - Susannah Munro
So actually, I'm going to put this link in chat, and y'all you can kind of look at this and see. You know if anything applies. Now you could narrow this down by go to set aside and you just want to see. OSV's they have three SDB OSV set asides. So Internet service it looks like aquatic center pool service and maintenance and camera security. Systems.

36:53 - Susannah Munro
So anyway, but it's just yeah, so it's another tool you can use. So on that sheet that I'm going to send you with the contacts, it does have their dodex on there. So you can kind of scope them out.

37:07 - Eric Hargrave
Okay.

37:08 - Terry Flood
Eric, I'll let you go and clean out the Paul, I'm good.

37:17 - Eric Hargrave
Yeah, so thank you for this wealth of information. This is a lot of just that FEMA website alone. I've even found two grants that they're pushing out for FEMA.

37:35 - Susannah Munro
Oh, good.

37:36 - Eric Hargrave
For nonprofits, which we're also in that with the community solutions as well. So that's gonna be another screening tool.

37:47 - Susannah Munro
Yes, well, that's awesome. So when you set up, when you send them your capabilities, you can include that too, that joined up with a nonprofit and you can provide XYZ and you'd like to introduce this new app that can do all these wonderful things, so.

38:07 - Eric Hargrave
Awesome. Yes, ma'am. Yeah.

38:12 - Susannah Munro
Well, I know I went over all this really quickly, but like I said, I will send you a summary email. But did y'all have any other questions?

38:20 - Eric Hargrave
No, you've been awesome. Thank you so much. We appreciate you taking the time out.

38:26 - Susannah Munro
And hopefully we'll see you at the next event.

38:29 - Eric Hargrave#+#Susannah Munro
Yes, yes. So we're starting to do a quarterly breakfast. Up in Austin, Eric. So, the next one is in June.

38:37 - Susannah Munro
So, I'll send you the link to all of our upcoming trainings.

38:41 - Eric Hargrave
Okay. So, hopefully you can come out and just say hey.

38:46 - Unidentified Speaker
Definitely. Definitely. And even looking or helping those small businesses find solutions.

38:56 - Eric Hargrave
So, that's why I love networking with you when you go and have your groups together. Together.

39:01 - Susannah Munro
Yes. Yeah, because I mean, hey, we can all help each other, you know?

39:06 - Eric Hargrave
Yes, ma'am.

39:07 - Susannah Munro
All right. Well, great. Well, y'all have a wonderful rest of your day, and I will get these notes out to y'all in just a bit.

39:15 - Eric Hargrave
Okay. Thank you so much.

39:17 - Susannah Munro
You're so welcome, everyone. Y'all take care.