
 search for jobs


Partner, Education to Career page is loaded
Partner, Education to Career
Apply
locations
United States
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted Yesterday
job requisition id
JR-2125
Partner, Education to Career 
Flexible Location 
WHO WE ARE 
TNTP brings research, policy, and consulting together to reimagine America’s public education system. Working collaboratively, we dig into educators’ toughest challenges, and we provide actionable solutions grounded in evidence. This work takes place in schools and districts across the country, and our national position allows us to spot trends, collect and analyze data, and advocate for policy changes that introduce greater impact at scale. Our goal is to empower every student, breaking them free from the constraints of poverty and race, fostering innovation, and driving growth across the country. We collaborate across sectors and with school systems to ensure that the 3.5 million young people who graduate high school every year have pathways to economic and social mobility.    
 
WHAT YOU’LL DO 
This position is an exciting opportunity to play a key role in the growth and impact of TNTP’s Education to Career (E2C) strategic priority. As a Partner in the Education to Career division, you will lead business development and partnership strategy to build and sustain a pipeline of ecosystem-level engagements that help communities align PK–12, higher education, workforce systems (including regional workforce development boards and chambers of commerce), employers and industry, city government, and community partners to create equitable career pathways.  
Focus areas include career pathway design, educator workforce pathways, data analytics to inform strategy and measure outcomes, and state and regional partnerships (including cross-sector coalitions and public/private partnerships). You will originate and shape opportunities, translate ecosystem needs into fundable and deliverable scopes of work (including philanthropic funding), and serve as a senior advisor and facilitator to cross-sector leaders as they establish shared goals, governance, financing, and data infrastructure for lasting impact. The Partner will report to TNTP’s Vice President for Education to Career. 
Some responsibilities and duties may vary, but the role of the Partner includes: 
Designing and implementing career pathway programs and systems-change initiatives, moving quickly from strategy to execution across PK–12 education, postsecondary, workforce, and related systems. 
Leading external engagement and building and sustaining coalitions with employers, PK–12 education, postsecondary institutions, workforce organizations (including, but not limited to, regional workforce development boards, and chambers of commerce), city government, state and local leaders, families, youth, and advocates. 
Overseeing the use of data, research, and evidence to inform program strategy, performance management, and decision-making, including economic and education, labor market, and postsecondary outcomes data. 
Identifying emerging partnership and funding opportunities at the federal and state levels, informed by relevant legislation and regulations and in collaboration with TNTP’s policy team. 
Leading and managing fundraising and business development efforts, including drafting proposals, funder briefings, and progress reports for current and prospective partners (e.g., community foundations, corporate social responsibility teams, and national funders). 
Maintaining an established network of key external policymakers and influencers (including legislators), industry and employer partners, higher education leaders, associations, community networks, and other third-party entities to amplify TNTP’s Education to Career efforts across the workforce and education ecosystem. 
Building and managing senior-level client relationships to ensure sustained investment in ongoing partnerships, aligning stakeholders on shared goals, governance, and measures of success. 
Effectively managing diverse, cross-functional teams and building an inclusive team culture and using strong people-management skills to develop talent and achieve ambitious goals. 
Understanding and communicating the impact of our work across grants/contracts, states, or regions and synthesizing what we are learning to tell a clear story of progress and results. 
The expected travel for this role is up to and including 40%. Given our clients are all over the country, some in cities and some in rural locations, all candidates must have a valid Driver’s License (reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities).    
 
WHAT YOU HAVE 
Qualifications: 
At least 7 years of experience in workforce development and/or career and technical education with proven results and accountability at the management level or higher, including experience leading cross-sector partnerships at the state and regional level and working closely with cross-sector leadership 
Experience building and sustaining relationships with nontraditional education partners, including workforce boards, higher education institutions, employers/industry partners, and cross-sector intermediaries 
Experience working with systems, organizations, networks, and individuals at all levels to analyze, map, and ideate interventions for systems change centered on workforce development—implementing cross-sector strategies that educate, inform, and advance key issues impacting social and economic mobility and access to high-wage, in-demand careers 
Demonstrated deep expertise in workforce development, career pathways, and/or career and technical education with the ability to provide immediate strategic counsel and represent the work credibly with senior external leaders 
Demonstrated success leading strategy, business development, and fundraising within complex coalition, partnership, or grant-funded relationships, including translating partner needs into deliverable, fundable scopes of work and advancing revenue-generation strategies 
Strong communication and collaboration skills, including translating complex concepts into plain language, facilitating consensus, building bidirectional feedback loops, and motivating stakeholders and teams through a clear vision and high professionalism 
Strong contract management and excellent project management skills that lead to results and an ability to work efficiently and independently and prioritize effectively, adapting as needed within an at-times ambiguous environment of rapidly changing priorities, tight deadlines, and continuous improvement 
Preferred: Experience working with PK-12 education system leaders, ideally in high-need contexts 
Preferred: Familiarity with workforce policy and funding streams (e.g., Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (WIOA) Title I youth, Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, as amended by Perkins V (2018), Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), etc.) and the ability to reference relevant legislation and regulations as needed 
 
WHAT WE OFFER 
The salary range for this position is $137,920- $206,880. New hires can typically expect a starting salary between the range minimum and the salary range midpoint ($137,920-$172,400), in alignment with experience, qualifications, and our commitment to equity in compensation. TNTP also offers a compelling overall Total Rewards package, including competitive mid-market salaries, generous PTO, and comprehensive benefits, with a range of plans and programs designed to support the physical, mental, and financial wellness of employees and their dependents. We suggest learning more about our benefits! We also ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation for the interview process. Email talent@tntp.org to request accommodation.   
 
HOW TO APPLY 
Submit your resume online through Workday. In your application, we will also ask you to answer brief questions about your interest in TNTP; your “why” matters to us!  The priority application deadline for this position is Monday, April 13th, though we encourage you to apply as soon as possible. If you’re eager, you can preview here what to expect after you apply, and we’ll be in touch soon!   
 
 
#LI-REMOTE 
 
 
 
Position Type:
Regular
TNTP is an equal employment opportunity employer committed to maintaining a non-discriminatory work environment. TNTP does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, arrest record, conviction record, or any other personal characteristic protected by applicable law. This policy covers all programs, services, policies, and procedures of TNTP, including recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, and administering all personnel actions, such as compensation, benefits, transfers, layoffs or terminations.  
Applicants for employment with TNTP must have valid work authorization that does not require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the U.S.  
About Us
logo
TNTP is the nation's preeminent education nonprofit that brings research, policy, and consulting together to meaningfully transform America’s public education system to meet the expectations of young people, families, communities, and the nation. We are educators, researchers, and innovators who know that a strong academic foundation is essential to improve children’s life outcomes. However, even excelling in school doesn’t outweigh the effects of poverty. We work at every level of the PK-12 system, and across sectors, to help schools and other education partners provide opportunities for every student that will prepare them for the jobs of today and the careers of tomorrow, enabling them to thrive in an increasingly dynamic world.
TNTP Blog: http://tntp.org/blog
Join Us: http://tntp.org//join

Read Less