Skip to content
MyRWJF Brief Proposal
MyRWJF Activity MyRWJF  TERRYCaretDownIcon
2026 Call for ProposalsLast auto-saved at 01:17 PM ET on Apr 12, 2026 
Learning from Abroad to Reimagine Health Knowledge Systems for Equity and Wellbeing
ID: 164054 pdfIcon Print Brief Proposal
Home
Resources
Contact Us
 
Brief Proposal
Eligibility Criteria
Applicant Organization
Key Contacts
Project Title and Summary
Project Information Questions
Brief Proposal Narrative
Budget Worksheet
Financial Documents
Demographics
Supporting Documents
Eligibility Criteria *
Instruction:
Respond to the questions below to indicate whether the applicant meets these conditions.

All organizations based in the U.S. or its territories are eligible to apply. Submissions from teams that include both U.S. and international members are eligible, but all projects must focus on improving health equity in the U.S.. Projects that solely focus on improving health equity outside the U.S. are ineligible for funding. International applicants are eligible to apply, and if selected, will be recommended for an award from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Global Ideas Fund, a donor-advised fund of Charities Aid Foundation of America (CAF America).

Please read the full Eligibility Criteria in the Call for Proposals. 


* Indicates required
1. Has your organization received RWJF funding since January 1, 2021?*
Please note: applications from organizations that have received RWJF funding since January 1, 2021 will not be reviewed, even if a full application is submitted. Please check the eligibility criteria section of the CFP for more information. 

 Yes
 No
Clear my response
 

2. Applicant organizations, whether U.S-.based or international, must have projects that focus on improving health equity in the U.S. Awards will be made to organizations, not to individuals. Does the organization meet these criteria? *
 Yes
 No
Clear my response
3. Is your organization based in the United State or its territories?*
 Yes
 No
Clear my response
4. Preference will be given to applicants that are either public entities or nonprofit organizations that are tax-exempt under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code and are not private foundations or Type III supporting organizations. The Foundation may require additional documentation. Does the organization fit this criteria? *
 Yes
 No
Clear my response
  
rwjf.orgRWJF.org © 2001 - 2026 RWJF. All Rights Reserved.
icon
