Skip to main content
Pro

Smart Scheduler Link
Copy link
Continued Conversation EBS Collaboration with Dr. Terry Flood
Jun 18, 2026

•

10:30 AM - 11:25 AM

•

Microsoft Teams

•

Isaac Pozos, Dr. Terry Flood

Isaac Pozos

44:04

Well, that's pretty cool. And I feel like, so, if you were to, you know, right now the state of, as you city of Austin is cutting back funding on social services. And there's a case to be made to why this is. Why social services is the last thing they should be touching. And I hear that a lot of the council members are really interested in improving the lives of young people abuse. Well, in this area of financial rental assistance, I think there's a big case to be made that.
Increased Engagement

That financial rental assistance, our data tells us that the disparity between females and male households are the clients that are reaching out for support. Females, black, brown, are like the highest. And there's a very low Percentage of African Americans in Austin, Travis County, compared to other races. But even our own data shows that the ones that we're providing support to, it's like 32% female of African-American or Hispanic.
So the disparity is high about the impact of this. And so most of these family, most of the households that like the majority of the households that we serve, if we serve, you know, I think this last three years, if we serve so many individuals, that's compounded with the children that they have households. So if you really want to, so I think what if we We could contract you to provide us some analysis of and research on.
Dr. Terry Flood

46:23

It's funny. I'm doing the same analysis for the United Way. And me and my buddy, he runs a program. The big issue is I've already done this because they see the same problem. And the issue is a lot of these black households you're talking about, 75% of them. Are single-parent households. So there's no dad present. Okay. And so what that turns into is households struggling both to raise the children, but also not having positive role models.
And then the kids get in trouble. And then to get the kids out of trouble, the parents have to do certain maladaptive things to try to stabilize the household and the home. So the kids may miss school and all these things start cascading. And so that same family turns into a family where I met a kid. He was the first in his generation, in four generations, to graduate high school. It's not because his family didn't value school, but they had so much other stuff going on and so much instability.
He said he went to 12 different schools in 12 years. You know, it's really hard, but he pushed himself through and he did it. But everybody doesn't have that same story, and so that's why we have a fatherhood initiative where we want the fathers to be present, even if they are not in that household. And the data shows that that just having that father present, not even in the household, changes that whole mindset of that family, changes the economic instability, it changes all of that.
everything





icon
