Keywords
Collaboration, benefits enrollment, economic stability, public benefits, 501(c)(3), public entities, grant usage, mental health, Medicaid, SNAP, marketplace insurance, community partnerships, service delivery, system strengthening, office hours.
Speakers
Kim (43%), St. (32%), Kori (25%)
It. So that's a good place to think about the collaboratives.
Kim, some related collaboration questions. Is there a limit to the level of collaboration, including number of organizations that the foundation will consider?
Good question in general, what we're looking for is not a specific number, but a logic, like, if you have a collaboration that has 20 different members, we're going to be thinking like, are they really all able to be connected? Like, in other words, how is what you're proposing? How does it translate to positive impact for your community, a long list of people that you might just sort of on a regular basis talk to is not really what we're looking for in a collaboration. Collaboration, as we're defining it here, means that each entity within that collaboration has a very specific, well defined role that is complementary to the others. And so there's no magic number, but we're really looking for what is the role? Is it clearly defined, and how are they complementing each other to translate into positive impact for community in terms of benefits?
Enrollment, still on collaborative Kim, so get comfy. Can applicants apply both individually and as a part of a collaborative and receive funding through both?
Yes, they can, as long as they're doing distinctly different things. Yes, and we get it, we have some folks in our community, depending on the county, that are really kind of anchors for this work. So it makes sense that people are going to be looking to them and trying to learn from them and potentially partner with them.
Thank you. Do all organizations in a collaborative need to be a 501, C 30?
You know, good question. We've identified the fact that public entities can be part of a collaborative, whether it's lead or as a partner. If you're applying as a lead organization, and there's an entity that you see value and working with that is not a 501, c3, I mean, that's just a subcontract. When you get a grant from us, it is flexible how you decide to deliver it in service to the impact you're trying to create. We trust you. It's up to you. You probably have many contracts with for profit entities that you fund with our grant, whether it's for website design or whatever. So we're not getting into that kind of detail with your budget. So I think that answers the question. But if there's some more specific examples, someone might want to pick it up in office hours. Okay, thank you. But the lead entity has got to be a 501, c3, or a public entity as part of a collaborative
Okay, great. And this next one is for Kori. My organization is a food bank. Am I eligible for this opportunity?
A great question. It depends on whether benefits, enrollment is part of your work. I would say that food banks and organizations that run food pantries are exactly the kind of trusted, community rooted, safety net organizations this funding is designed to work with, but food assistance alone would not make you eligible for this funding opportunity. The focus of this call is on benefits enrollment, and applicants need to be actively enrolling people in benefits or have a plan to build the capacity to do benefits enrollment, not just referring people elsewhere, unless it's a real strategic partnership that removes barriers to access for clients. So if your organization's already helping people enroll in one of those benefits and you meet the basic criteria, then yes, you're eligible. We encourage you to apply. And if Benefits Enrollment isn't a current part of your work, the most viable path is probably applying as a lot as part of a collaborative unless you feel like you, you feel strongly confident your ability to build that capacity, and you're located in mass drop Caldwell Hayes or William St
Thomas, great. Thank you. Also, Kori, my organization, enrolls people in marketplace insurance. Is marketplace enrollment eligible for this opportunity?
Yes, enrolling people on insurance through the federal marketplace is the type of benefits enrollment. Is one of the types of benefits enrollment that we're looking to fund through this call. So if you do that work, please be sure to mention in your loi how your approach is client driven, holistic and effective. I mentioned the HHS e Community Partner Program. You're thinking about SNAP, Medicaid and CHIP, but if you are doing marketplace enrollment, ideally you have a designation as a CDO with CMS, so you can better facilitate that marketplace health insurance enrollment and a really strong loi would be if you're able to do both right, if you're able to, like, when folks come to you and they need health insurance, they're eligible for Medicaid and CHIP you're able to help with that. And if they're not, but they're a good marketplace, you're able to help with that. For folks within Travis County, if you are also able to help with map enrollment for the medical access program that would also help build out that piece around being really client driven and holistic and effective.
Thank you. Kim, could you speak to St David's supporting collaborating, matching organizations with partners or building collaborations, yeah, how? How would one go about starting to collaborate and potentially apply as a collaboration? Yeah, well,
I've seen some early introductions on the chat. We generally are not going to be a matchmaker in this case, but what we would encourage folks to do is to think about who like what resources and skills do you bring to this and who complements them? There is in the link, in the call document, there's a really helpful resource map by counties that allows you to look at the county in which you're operating, who is already doing some deep benefits enrollment, and what type that is a great place to start to understand where your work fits in the larger ecosystem, and who is doing stuff that would be complimentary to what you were trying to achieve, and what I think we can do, Claire, correct me, if I'm wrong, is when we send this out, we can pull that link up and make it really available, so you don't have to hunt through the document to find it. Huge shout out to our staff that developed it. It's a really wonderful way of getting a bird's eye view of what exists in terms of benefits, infrastructure in our five counties, and you can see where we're strong, where there's gaps, and that kind of paints a picture of what, where we need to fill out and strengthen.
Great. Thank you. Also, Kim, can this opportunity? Can the funding be used to support workforce programs that help folks become economically stable?
Just like Kori said, this funding opportunity is about driving towards economic stability, using benefits enrollment as the critical pathway to that. So if what someone's proposing doesn't start with benefits, enrollment around at least one of the benefits that we've discussed, WIC, Medicaid, snap, it's not a good fit for this I'm just being as clear as I can, because clear is kind that doesn't mean that those other programs aren't amazing and needed, but it's not a fit for this opportunity. There is flexibility in this opportunity. This is a little nuance to enter in. You must be doing some type of benefits enrollment around one of those key features that are key programs that we've talked about. If you are funded, we are providing broad flexibility to complement and layer on that benefits enrollment. So I think the classic example we use, it's kind of simplified, but it helps, is you're doing Benefits Enrollment around snap. You recognize that many people who you've helped enroll are waiting, and while they're waiting, they don't have access to food. You provide emergency food assistance or even direct cash to help them get over that hump. You can provide assistance around transportation, but the key to being eligible and competitive in this is the work you're proposing is about using our public benefits system to maximize it so that people can become more economically stable.
Thank you. And Kori, will we consider proposals with strategies serving mixed status families who are wary of public benefits? Enrollment? Yes.
So this is one of the kinds of work that this call is designed to support, we explicitly call for culturally responsive practices that address the fears the administrative burdens and other barriers that impede enrollment, particularly for historically marginalized populations. And immigration status is particularly named as one of the barriers that can make this Benefits Access harder. So organizations with the trust, the relationships and the expertise to work with mixed status families and providing accurate, unbiased information, and then supporting those families and making decisions that feel safe and feel aligned with their priorities. That's the kind of work, the kind of approach that's a strong fit for this call, is being able to support people wherever they are and in the way that's going to work best for them and puts really their needs and priorities and concerns at the center.
Great. Thank you. Kim, does St David's consider mental health care as health care access? Does connecting clients to mental health care for Medicaid count, what has mental health fit into the healthcare scope of this call?
Yeah. I mean, I think from our perspective, mental health is a critical component of health and so yes, we consider mental health care part of health care. And if what someone is proposing to do is around leveraging the public benefit system, whether it's Medicaid or CHIP, we both have really robust mental health benefits, leveraging enrollment in those so that people can get access to mental health or others. Yeah, absolutely. So just to say again, mental health equals health.
Thank you, Kori, is there a preference for organizations doing new benefits enrollments versus renewals?
No, there's not, I think I'd mentioned earlier, and like, enrolling in benefits is hard, keeping your benefits is also hard, and it's really important that folks have support through that renewal process. So we would love to fund both parts of that process.
Great. Thank you.
Kim, is this grant limited to federal health programs only? What about map enrollment in Travis County? Is that eligible?
Certainly eligible. I think we've named the programs that are critical, but we know map is a really important source of healthcare access, so if someone's enrolling individuals in map or any other county funded healthcare access program, eligible?
Thank you. Is there, I guess Kori or Kim an opportunity for orgs who are focusing on strengthening the system, or is it limited to client facing services?
Good question, and feel free to jump in if I miss something. But I think at the core of this, we're looking for the direct service like this. This call is specifically focused on that. But if you're doing that work to strengthen the ecosystem, I do reach out and schedule office hours, we can talk about like, do you blend the two? Is it a completely distinct, separate thing? But the core of this really is like the direct services on the ground, but we also recognize that, like, the system needs strengthening, I'd be curious to know, like, what the organization's role is in that space, and what that work looks like.
And just to give you all a little window into our thinking that is, you know, not 100% nailed down, but starting to get there. This call is really about direct services, one to respond to the very immediate and real needs in our community. Now we also hope to learn from the organization's doing this direct services about where there are some clear opportunities to kind of strengthen the Service Delivery System and in future funding, whether it's open call or otherwise, after we've heard and sort of listened to that, we'll be thinking about where we can sort of make some investments in that space. So we're not we were not ignorant of the need for that, but this call is really about direct services to help people now, and through that, we believe we will gain some greater insights into where there's some kind of opportunities for system level plays.
Thank you. Kori, do organizations we are collaborating with need to be part of the HHS SR Community Partner Program, or just the lead applicant.
I would say it's less about like everyone having being able to check every box, and more about like, what does the Collaborative has? The collaborative, collaborative approach this work to leverage the strengths of each organization, which is high level. I can say I didn't want to like the community partner program, as long as the folks at the other agencies are able to easily access that kind of enrollment support, then I think having one of the agencies in that collaborative is a good example of the kind of strategic collaborative we're looking for that way. You know, the expertise and access that that group has can be leveraged by multiple organizations who bring other strengths that can make that organization stronger. And really, ultimately, I would say, just think from the perspective of a client and what their experience is like in that collaborative and how they experience those coordinated services.
Great. Thank you. Kim, I was wondering if you could speak. There's a few questions about how grant funds can be used. For example, can some of the funds use, or from the grant be used for immediate basic needs while clients are waiting in enrollment for public or waiting for enrollment in public services? Also, could part of the grant be used for service delivery or capital to build capacity and just about grant fund usage?
Great question. Going back to what we talked about with the flexible funding, I realized that's term that many people don't use. So what we mean by that is that as long as the expense is geared toward the impact that you're trying to achieve, enrolling people in public benefits and related support so that they can achieve economic stability, it's eligible. We're not saying we'll fund this, but not that. So in terms of the examples, the one that was created or offered up is a great one. You're helping someone enroll in SNAP their cupboard is bare at the moment. Absolutely, the grant can be used to in addition to helping enroll holistically, responding to people's immediate needs, right there. So like in that case, emergency food, the other question, I think, was a really good one about it may be used for one time expenses, yes, as long as it's directly aligned with the impact that you're trying to achieve. Examples might be, hey, we're collaborating with someone, and to do that, we're going to try to co locate some services. And our current site isn't set up to do that. So we want to do some minor remodeling. Maybe we need some different signage. Those are one time expenses that are really a great fit for a one time grant, because they're impacting doors beyond the grant, they help you do what you're trying to do right away. So yeah, all of those would be eligible.
Thank you. This is about the request amount. Kori, should the request amount be a one year number or a three year number? Should we submit a one year or three year budget? Does the budget need to be the same year over year?
Yeah, so you won't have to worry about this until the application period. So just so everybody else knows, like during the loi, we're not asking for budget amounts or anything like that, but if you're invited to submit an application there, we're going to want to know the three year amount, and we're going to want to know the annual amount. So broken down by first year, second year, third year. And it doesn't need to be the same amount every year. If you want to do a step down, that's fine. If it's going to look a little bit different because of the way your model is set up, that's okay. But we'll provide a lot more guidance into requested amounts and budgets at that may 20 webinar for the organizations who are invited to submit a full application. But I know it's helpful to think about it now and start prepping for it now, and so hopefully that gives you the clarity
you need for now. Thank you. Kind of similar to an earlier question, outside of enrolling community members into CHIP Medicaid or marketplace insurance would providing mental health services qualify for this opportunity?
You know, unless you can describe how that is immediately impacting economic stability through benefits enrollment. I mean, that's really the goal here, is Benefits Enrollment towards economic stability. Yeah,
so I think I have simple enough,
no when I haven't read it, but based on the thing that's not really the goal of the call,
Kori, if my organization is providing healthcare, specifically free pediatric care. Would we need to route into CHIP Medicaid or other services?
Good question. I would say I'd be curious to know more about what that specific model looks like. And I mean, it will be stronger if you can enroll people in Medicaid and CHIP because we're not necessarily looking to fund the direct healthcare itself. We're looking to fund the enrollment and benefits and so that would be slightly outside the scope of this call, I think. But if you want to set up office hours to, like, talk through the nuances of what that work looks like, happy to do that. But it sounds like that would be outside of the scope of this call, unless it also includes benefits enrollment. And it doesn't have to be an educator chip, like if you're doing that pediatric care, but you have a you want to do snap enrollment and have a food pantry on site like that. Kind of holistic model would be great, but there does need to be an element of benefit.
Sweet. I
um, how does St David's define collaborative? If the I'll just be really specific with this one, how does St David's define collaborative in Hays County, the health department serves as the host agency for healthy haze coalition. The Coalition is not recognized as a 501, c3, would this be eligible as a collaborative?
I can grab it Kori, and welcome you to jump in. In that case, like whoever is applying has to be either a 501 c3 or a local government public entity. That collaborative probably has members of the collaborative that meet one of those two criteria, so that lead applicant, whether a 501 c3 or a public entity could apply on behalf of that collaborative and the members of it, but to make a grant, we have to be able to make a grant to an entity in this funding call that's either 501 c3 or a public entity.
Right? Let's see we are at time, but we will continue to stay for like five more minutes and try to answer more questions if you have time, but please feel free. We don't want to keep you from your day. Thank you for spending so much time with us already. Again, if you have additional questions programmatically, please email questions at St David's foundation. If you have technical questions regarding logins, passwords, all those odds and ends, email grants info at St David's foundation.org. Our grants management team manages that inbox, and they're the best people in the world, and are so good at what they do. And then again, we will send out the link to sign up for office hours. A lot of
 these specific questions about your orgs, work and eligibility are best answered in those office hours time periods. And so again, after this webinar, this webinar, we'll send out a link to the recording and some resources that were mentioned and the link to sign up for office hours with our program staff who are leading this funding opportunity. And so feel free to stay on for five more minutes, but if not, have a lovely rest of your week, and we are just grateful for the work that you do in our community. More than anything, we don't exist without you, and so we look forward to recognizing your work through this process and learning more together about benefits, enrollment and economic stability and thank you.
Alrighty, the recording is stopped, and so we'll just hang out in Q and A for a little bit.
Oh, did we get to all the questions that came through,
all of the major ones? Let's see here. Okay, well,
maybe if there's one or two others, otherwise it sounds like thanks to your fabulous facilitation, we'll get through them.
Yes. Yes, okay, if this person is still on, can grant funds be used to support a mobile van to provide services to rural counties?
Yes, as long as it is in service to the goal of economic stability through benefits enrollment, yes, I you, I think we can take one more, and then it sounds like we're kind of done, and since we've stopped recording,
All right, so is there a lane for providing services, for transitioning people in and out of DMV, abuse, foster care, families, trafficking, these groups typically Get involved, automatically enrolled in some programs and have trouble navigating systems, yeah, talking about systems navigation in relation to this call?
Yeah, I think on that again, I feel like kind of a broken record. But it's really about enrollment in public benefits, and there we recognize there are other local or private programs and service supports that are available. So yes, absolutely, grant dollars can be used for that larger system, navigation and coordination, but the kind of entry ticket is really that the application is involved with benefits enrollment. So I think we can go ahead and end since we've stopped recording, and just for anyone who's still on, huge thank you for your work, for your interest in this funding opportunity and the time you've given us today, whether you know it or not, your questions are incredibly helpful to us. It helps us understand where the field is, what's needed, and how our views are landing or not. So really, really appreciate it. And thank you to Claire, who has been a masterful master of ceremonies.
Oh, thank you, Kim, thank you Kori. We thank you for everyone's time and again. Have a great rest of your week and reach out if you have any questions.
Thanks all. Thanks everybody. Bye, now bye.