
NOTE: You must click SAVE DRAFT for the upload fields to display properly.
The Submit button will appear after you click "Save Draft" for the first time. It is recommended that you click SAVE DRAFT frequently to avoid losing your work.
Small Research Grant on EducationExpanded
Proposal Application

The Spencer Foundation is committed to equity in organizational practices and grant giving. We collect and review the following data to inform our process of assigning reviewers, and to consider how to improve our systems and practices for equity.

DEADLINE: April 15, 2026, 12:00 pm Noon Central Time USA

Information about this grant program can be found on our website.

NOTE: Projects that are primarily comprised of activities other than education research (e.g., request for funding book writing, curriculum or technology development, technology purchases, philanthropic support for nonprofits or other service providers, program evaluations), or scholarships are not eligible.

Guidelines for the Administering Organization:
The organization listed below will be responsible for receiving and managing the grant, if awarded.
To be eligible, the Administering Organization must be a non-profit organization.
If the Administering Organization should be different from the Principal Investigator's primary organization, please change it below.
Note: This proposal must be signed by an authorized representative from the Administering Organization. Please follow the guidelines provided at the bottom of this application for obtaining this signature.
* Administering Organization:	
The Collaborative Advocate Foundation LLC

PI Organization:	Principal Investigator @owner@'s Organization: The Collaborative Advocate Foundation LLC
Proposal PersonnelExpanded
If you are designating a Co-PI,
1 — Enter the person's email address in the search bar below.
2 — When the results appear, select the correct person's name in the dropdown that appears. (This may take a few moments to load)
3 — If the person you are inviting does not have an account, they will need to create one at https://spencer.smartsimple.us/ before you can add them. Please note that as part of creating a new account, the Co-PI will be required to upload a CV (max 10 pages).
4 — Once you have successfully added a Co-PI, their name will appear in the list below.
5 — To remove a Co-PI from this application, click the box by their name and select "Remove" above.
Add Co-PI
Click Save to see list view
Principal Investigator:	Terry Flood
Co-Principal Investigator(s):	
Concurrent Research Proposals:
Per Spencer Foundation policy, PIs and Co-PIs may not submit more than one research proposal to Spencer at a time. This applies to the Small Grants Program, Large Grants Program, Racial Equity Program and Research-Practice Partnership Program.
If the PI or any of the Co-PIs currently have a research proposal under consideration in any of these programs, they are required to wait until a final decision has been made on the pending proposal before submitting a new proposal.
Please confirm that neither the PI nor the Co-PIs have another research proposal under review at Spencer or have a currently funded Spencer grant.
* Confirmation:	
I confirm that neither the PI nor the Co-PIs have another research proposal under review at Spencer.
Proposal SummaryExpanded
Guidelines for the Proposal Summary section:
Proposal Title - Please include an appropriately descriptive title.
Start Date - The start date should be at least 8 months after the proposal deadline noted above and should be on the first day of the month.
End Date - The end date should be within 5 years of the start date and be on the last day of the month.
Number of Months - This field will be calculated based on your start and end date after you click Save Draft.
Requested Amount - This field will display your budget total after your budget form has been completed.
Central Research Question - In the form of a question, please state the central research question(s) of your project.
Proposal Summary - Briefly summarize the proposal (200 word limit).
* Proposal Title:	
* Project Start Date:	
mm/dd/yyyy

* Project End Date:	
mm/dd/yyyy

Number of months for project:	This will be calculated based on the project start and end dates.
Requested Amount:	This will be displayed after you've completed the budget form.
*Central Research Question(s): Please state the central research question(s) this project seeks to explore or answer.
Proposal Summary: 200 word limit
200 words left
Proposal NarrativeExpanded
Guidelines for the Proposal Narrative

Your proposal narrative should include the following elements and be uploaded below as a PDF file:
A description of the project, the central research question(s), and the project’s significance.
A rationale for the project. This includes (a) summary of the relevant literature, the relationship of the proposed research to that literature, and the new knowledge or contribution to the improvement of education expected to result from the proposed research; and (b) a summary of the conceptual framework or theory guiding the project and how the project utilizes or builds on this framework of theory.
A description of the proposed research methods, description of participants, data collection instruments, and modes of analysis the project will employ. If applicable to the proposed methods, please include (a) information about the proposed sample/case definition and selection procedures; (b) research design, including when appropriate a description of the context of the study; (c) description of key constructs, measures and data sources; (d) procedures for data collection; and (e) procedures for data analysis.
Formatting guidelines: This narrative may not exceed 1800 words and at the conclusion, should include the word count in parentheses. Your reference list should follow your narrative in the same pdf file and will not count toward the 1800-word limit. The text should be double–spaced and in 12-point font and the PDF should include page numbers. APA style is preferred.

Note: Tables and other figures can be included in the text of your proposal, where appropriate, provided they are used sparingly. The text contained in any tables and figures will not count towards the word limit. However, it is important that you describe or explain any tables or figures in the narrative portion of your proposal, which will contribute to your word count. Do not assume that tables and other figures are self-explanatory.
* Click Here to Upload the Proposal Narrative PDF:	Click Save before adding attachment
BudgetExpanded
Full Proposal Generative AI Agreement/DisclosureExpanded
The Spencer Foundation has developed a policy outlining the responsible and ethical use of generative artificial intelligence (AI) technologies across the Foundation's operations, programs, and activities. The Spencer Foundation recognizes the transformative potential of AI in advancing education research, but we also acknowledge the need for responsible governance to ensure ethical, transparent, and equitable uses and outcomes. We understand that the use of generative artificial intelligence comes with certain risks such as plagiarism, the reproduction of misinformation, and the perpetuation of systemic inequalities. We have developed the policy guidelines to appropriately balance the potential benefits of artificial intelligence with the potential risks.

Please read these guidelines here.
Generative AI Attestation
I hereby acknowledge that I have read The Spencer Foundation's AI policy. I understand that the Foundation is requiring disclosure of the use of generative AI. I also understand that if I have used generative AI in the production of my grant application, it will not have a negative impact on the review of my proposal--so long as my use of generative AI adheres with the Foundation's policy. By submitting this grant application, I confirm all documents fully comply with the guidelines detailed in The Spencer Foundation's AI policy.
* Signature
* Date Signed
mm/dd/yyyy

* Date Signed
mm/dd/yyyy

* Generative AI Disclosure
The grant application I have submitted to The Spencer Foundation was not drafted with the use of Generative AI
The grant application I have submitted to The Spencer Foundation was drafted with the assistance of Generative AI. Therefore, I outline how my application used Generative AI below.


Note: In order for the budget form to have the correct number of columns for your project duration, you should enter the start and end date above then click "Save Draft" prior to editing your budget.
Click Save before editing
Subcontract Budget(s):	Click Save before adding attachment
Guidelines for Additional Documents:
All of the documents uploaded below should be in PDF file format.
The PDF file names should not include any special characters. If they do, your documents may not upload properly.
Project Team: A document describing the project team should be uploaded and should identify the roles, responsibility and knowledge base of the PI, Co-PI(s), and any supporting researcher(s). In the case where your project includes Co-PIs and other supporting researchers, this document should articulate how the team will work together to complete the research project, highlighting what each team member will contribute to the project. Further, a short description of the relationship between the project team and the research site may be included, if appropriate. This document should not exceed 250 words and should be double–spaced in 12-point font. Note: this document will be reviewed along with the CV of the PI and any Co-PIs included on the application.
* Click Here to Upload Project Team PDF:	Click Save before adding attachment
Optional Supplemental Course Release: The Spencer Foundation recognizes that scholars' course loads vary significantly across the field creating differential contexts and capacities for research projects. To help mitigate these uneven demands on time, the PI or Co-PI may request supplemental course release funds of up to $10,000 over and above the $50,000 Small Grant budget limit, for a total of up to $60,000.

To be eligible, the scholar (PI or Co-PI) must have a course load of 6 or above per academic year. The supplemental funds cannot be used for anything besides a course release for the scholar and should be the standard rate for a course release at their institution. You may only request 1 additional course release per grant. Two things of note: 1) requesting the Supplemental Course Release funds does not guarantee they will be awarded, and 2) if you have a course load that is less than 6, you may still include a course release in your proposal budget, but your budget may not exceed the $50,000 Small Grants limit and you are not required to supply the documents requested below.

To apply for the Optional Supplemental Course Release Funds, there are 3 additional application pieces needed:
The amount requested and a brief budget narrative for the Supplemental Course Release should be included in the Proposal Budget section (above). It should be clearly indicated in the Salary section of the budget form by choosing the appropriate Supplemental Course Release line item from the drop down menu, as well as in the Benefits section as needed.
A 250-word Course Release Rationale Statement describing how the additional course release will impact the proposed project should be uploaded below as a PDF file.
A Supporting Letter from the scholar's Dean or Chair should be uploaded below as a PDF file. The supporting letter must include the following: (a) confirmation that the scholar's course load is 6 courses or more per academic year, (b) confirmation that the scholar will be released from teaching a course, if awarded the supplemental funds, and (c) confirmation the budgeted amount for the course release is appropriate for their institution.
Click Here to Upload Release Rationale PDF:	Click Save before adding attachment
Click Here to Upload Release Support Letter PDF:	Click Save before adding attachment
Optional Appendices A: If you have additional documents that you would like to attach to your proposal submission focused on data collection tools, instruments, or protocols that are detailed in your proposal narrative, they can be uploaded below (e.g., survey instruments, interview protocols, observation protocols, etc.). Note that appendices are not required as part of your proposal submission and reviewers are not expected to give the appendices the same attention they will be giving the proposal narrative and other required documents.
Click Here to Upload Optional Appendices A PDF:	Click Save before adding attachment
If you would like to attach a document with a digital signature, please save the document as a PDF file before uploading it to your proposal.
Optional Appendices B: If you have other supporting documents, such as letters of agreement or collaboration, they can be uploaded in this section of the application.
Evidence of Access and/or Collaboration (e.g., data agreements, letters of cooperation, memos of understanding, etc.) If your research design involves accessing data or collaboration with sites or study participants, reviewers would benefit from seeing evidence that this will be possible. If you have documents such as data agreements or letters of collaboration you may upload them below as Appendices.
Click Here to Upload Optional Appendices B PDF:	Click Save before adding attachment
Optional Appendices C: Innovative approaches to equity in research

We recognize that scholars and scholarship have continued to develop innovative approaches to conducting research in ethical and just ways. Scholars have raised that proposals attending to these issues in sophisticated ways often face choices in providing detail in their proposals. Thus, if you so choose, you are invited to include a one-page appendix in your grant proposal to elaborate on the theoretical, methodological, and partnership structures, or other dimensions you deem as relevant to conducting ethical and just research.

For example, if your work engages youth, families, or community-based organizations, you may want to elaborate on how traditional power dynamics will be addressed. Or, if your work engages with Indigenous communities, you may want to elaborate on the project leadership’s histories and engagement with Indigenous communities, any formal agreements (e.g. Tribal IRB or approvals), or the use of Indigenous methodologies in the project. Or, perhaps you are working on new quantitative measures or modeling approaches that would benefit from further explanation. We anticipate and welcome a wide range of other possibilities.
Click Here to Upload Optional Appendices C:
Click Save before adding attachment
A note about IRB Approval: Proof of Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval is not required at the time of proposal submission. In the event that IRB approval is needed for this project and it is chosen for funding, the Administering Organization will be responsible for obtaining IRB review and approval in accordance with its institutional policies and applicable law.
Proposal DataExpanded
The Spencer Foundation is committed to equity in organizational practices and grant giving. We collect and review the following data to inform our process of assigning reviewers, and to consider how to improve our systems and practices for equity.

Guidelines for Proposal Data:
Within the online application, we ask you to choose the appropriate options with regard to your research project in the following categories: disciplinary perspective, methodologies, topics, geographical scope, contexts, and participants. This information is helpful in determining the appropriate reviewers for your proposal and for internal evaluations of our grant programs.
We consulted many sources in the creation of the options for each of the prompts below. We strive to be inclusive, but if you don't see your work represented, please choose "Other", click Save Draft, and type in the appropriate information in the Other field that appears.
If any of the prompts below aren't applicable to your proposal, please select Not Applicable.
If you have any concerns about the prompts or options in this section, please let us know. We welcome your feedback.
Disciplinary Perspective: Choose the primary, secondary and any additional disciplinary perspectives that are most relevant to this proposal. (If you select "Other" and click Save Draft, a text box will appear for your customized entry if needed.):
* Disciplines - Primary:	
--Select One--
Disciplines - Secondary:	
--Select One--
Disciplines - Additional:	
--Select One--
Methods (general): Please indicate the most relevant category of methodology that applies to your proposal submission (detailed methods are requested below).
Computational Methods	Quantitative
Meta Methods	Theoretical / Historical Methods
Mixed Methods	Not Listed Here
Qualitative
Detailed Methods/Approach: Choose the primary, secondary and any additional methodologies that are most relevant to this proposal. (If you select "Other" and click Save Draft, a text box will appear for your customized entry if needed.):
* Methods - Primary:	
--Select One--
Methods - Secondary:	
--Select One--
Methods - Additional:	
--Select One--
Area of Study: Please indicate the most central area of study that applies to your proposal submission (detailed topics are requested below). Click here for Descriptions of the 17 Topics
Biological Correlates (Neuro, Stress, Trauma, Food, Sleep, etc.)	Learning Across the Lifespan & Across Contexts
Disability	Methodological Research & Issues
Disciplinary Learning (Literacy, STEM, History & Social Science)	Social & Historical Foundations
Education, Class & Economics	Social Emotional Learning and Wellness
Educational Administration & Leadership	Teaching & Learning
Educational Policy	Teaching & Learning - Postsecondary
Evaluation & Assessment	Teaching & Teacher Education
Human Development	Not Listed Here
Language
Detailed Topic/Subject: Choose the primary, secondary and any additional topics that are most relevant to this proposal. (If you select "Other" and click Save Draft, a text box will appear for your customized entry if needed.) Click here for Descriptions of the 17 Topics:
* Topic - Primary:	
--Select One--
Topic - Secondary:	
--Select One--
Topic - Additional:	
--Select One--
Race/Culture/Gender/Place: Does your proposal engage dimensions of race, culture, gender, or place centrally?
Yes
No
In which region(s) of the world will your research be focused?
Worldwide	Central America and Caribbean	Oceania/Australia
Africa	Europe	South America
Asia/Middle East	North America	Not Applicable
In which setting(s) will your research be focused?
All	Carceral settings	Digital	Juvenile detention settings	Native Territories/Reservations, Tribal Nations, and/or Tribal Communities
Urban	Suburban/Exurban	Small Towns	Reservations	Rural
Not Listed	Not Applicable
Which contexts will be the focus of your research?
Adult Education Settings	Early Childhood Contexts	High Schools	Tribal Schools
Colleges and Universities	Elementary Schools	Informal/Out of School	Not Listed
Community Settings	Extra Curricular	Intermediary Organizations	Not Applicable
Digital/Internet/Online	Family Contexts	Middle Schools
Which populations will be of specific interest to your research?
Administrators	Informal Educators	Teachers
College / University Faculty	Parents/Caregivers/Guardians	Not Listed
Community Organization Employees or Volunteers	Policy Makers	Not Applicable
Families	Students
Which additional groups of people will be a focus of the research?
Adoptees and/or adoptive families	Bilingual/Multilingual	Foster youth and/or families	Gifted/Talented
Homeless/Housing Insecure	Incarcerated/Formerly Incarcerated	LGBTQ+	Linguistic minority/Emergent Bilingual
Low-Income Students and Families	Migrants/Immigrants	Participants with Disabilities	Refugees
Religious Populations	Veterans	Not Listed	Not Applicable
Racial and Ethnic Demographics of Research: If you will be studying racial and/or ethnic populations, please indicate which demographic groups will be included.
Asian or Asian American	Latinx/Latina/Latino, Hispanic, or Spanish Origin (regardless of race)	White (including persons who identify with the white racial group, as defined within their country context)
Black, including a person having origins in any Black racial group as defined within their country context	Middle Eastern or North African (A person having origins in any of the peoples from Akrotiri and Dhekelia, Bahrain, Cyprus, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Palestine, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates, Yemen)	Prefer to describe
Native/Indigenous/Tribal	Biracial/Multiracial/Mixed Race
Signature from Authorized Representative of the Administering OrganizationExpanded
This proposal must be reviewed and authorized by an official at the Administering Organization (e.g., a sponsored projects administrator or financial officer). By clicking submit, your proposal will be routed to the signatory you have listed to be executed via Adobe Sign E-Signature. We strongly urge you to follow the steps below to obtain an authorized signature for your proposal:

1) Identify who the authorized signer is at your institution. Contact them to find out when they will need to receive your proposal in order to review and sign it by the deadline. Plan accordingly.
2) Complete your proposal application above, click Save Draft, and email the signer a final draft PDF using the Proposal PDF button below (this will combine all of the elements above into one PDF file).



3) After the signer’s review, make any necessary revisions to the application they might require before signing.
4) IMPORTANT: When your proposal is ready to be submitted, enter the signer’s Name, Title, and Email in the fields below and click the SUBMIT button. Once submitted, you will no longer be able to make changes.
5) Email the signer and let them know that they should have received an Adobe Sign E-Signature document via email. Make sure they are aware that they need to sign and submit the Adobe document by the deadline.
6) Once the proposal is signed via Adobe Sign, your proposal will be accepted for review and you will receive an email acknowledgement. Your signed proposal will be accessible on your Workbench on the Under Review tab.

Note: You, as the applicant, are responsible for making sure your proposal is signed by the deadline. The Spencer Foundation is unable to accept late submissions.
* Signatory Name:	
* Signatory Title:	
* One Signatory Email:	
Proposal Instructions
Your profile must be updated before submitting this proposal. Please Click on Workbench, then click on Update My Profile. You must certify the profile and enter today's date in order to submit.
Save Draft