Skip to content
usa flag small icon
An official website of the United States government
Here's how you know
ARPA-H SOLUTIONS Homepage
SOLUTIONS

Submit Solutions
Events
Teaming
Ask a Question
My Activity
Sign In
Returning Users: We've Updated Our Systems

Our new site uses a Microsoft and Google-based sign in system. Accounts from the old site are matched by email. To ensure you'll see past data, use the same email address from your current ARPA-H account for your Microsoft or Google account.

Submit a Solution Summary
A Solution Summary is a short concept summary document for proposers to submit to ARPA-H in response to an ISO prior to investing resources for a proposal submission.

Some opportunities require you to submit a Solution Summary first and receive ARPA-H feedback before submitting a Proposal. A Proposal is a submission that elaborates on the concept and plan to accomplish the solution in a format and manner consistent with the solicitation (e.g., ISO) requirements. Carefully read the solicitation for requirement details.

If you need a reference, review ARPA-H’s open funding opportunities 

Please note: You do not need a Home | SAM.gov Unique Entity ID (UEI) to submit a Solution Summary, but you will need one if you move on to a proposal.

The submission includes 5 sections:
Solution Summary Information
Budget
Organization and Key Personnel
File Uploads
Review & Submit
Important Reminders

Use the latest solicitation documents. Solicitations are updated often. Double-check that you are using the most recent version, including all attachments.

Follow all solicitation instructions. If there is any conflicting info between this form and the solicitation, defer to the solicitation.

Submitted content cannot be edited. Once you submit your Solution Summary, you will not be able to make changes. If you need to correct information after submission, use the Ask a Question feature for assistance.

Ask questions when needed. Not sure about a requirement or step? Use the Ask a Question feature before you submit.


Start Submission

ARPA-H
Connect with us
twitter-x logo
linkedin logo
youtube logo
instagram logo
Navigation
Full Proposal
Solution Summary
Events
Teaming
Ask a Question
My Activity
Policies & Information
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Freedom of Information Act
Linking Policy
No FEAR Act
Inspector General
Logo Guidance
The images used on this site may be subject to the Copyright of others and should not be copied or re-distributed without the express consent of ARPA-H.© 2026 ARPA-H All Rights Reserved.
icon
