
Contribute Your Insights at CEMA 2026
Submit Your Paper Today

The deadline to submit your paper for Cyber Electromagnetic Activity (CEMA) 2026, October 27-29, 2026, at Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD, is less than a month away. This year's theme, All-Domain Operations and Command & Control, will explore how integrated capabilities across the electromagnetic spectrum, cyberspace, and intelligence domains are redefining how the fight is executed.
 
We invite original presentations from the US government, academia, industry, operational units, and subject matter experts on the following topics:
Science & Technology: Current, emerging, and future trends in EW/cyber/SIGINT/intelligence technologies.
Acquisition Programs: Updates from key leadership, program and capability managers, and policymakers on current and emerging programs of record, quick reaction capabilities, and rapid prototyping efforts.
Requirements: Emerging requirements and known operational capability gaps.
Threats: Current or emerging adversary threat information.
Exercises & Experimentation: Lessons learned from CEMA exercises and experimentation.
DOTMLPF-P: Integrating holistic CEMA solutions into Army and joint formations in support of multi-domain operations.
From the Field: Feedback on current employment of EW/cyber capabilities from operational units, emerging CONOPS, TTPs, and force structure implications.
Special Emphasis Topics:
Multi-Domain Effects for Lethal and Non-Lethal Targeting
EW and Cyber Solutions for the Air/Ground Littoral
Deploying AI and Machine Learning on the Battlefield in Support of C2 and Non-Kinetic Operations
All-Domain Command & Control
Assured PNT and Navigation Warfare
EW in Support of Kinetic Fires
Submission Deadline: June 12, 2026
 
Your contribution will play a pivotal role in advancing our understanding in EW and CEMA. Don't miss this opportunity to make your mark. Act now and submit your paper before the deadline approaches!
 
Final symposium presentations may be US Secret or TS/SCI US Only. Please ensure all abstract submissions are unclassified and indicate the level of classification for the final presentation.