Hello TERRY,
Welcome to the St. David’s Foundation Letter of Intent (LOI) form. Through the We All Benefit 2.0: Building Economic Stability open call, the Foundation seeks to invest in local, community-informed organizations providing core economic stability services to the communities with the greatest health needs – communities that have faced systematic barriers to resources, opportunity, and representation due to race, ethnicity, income level, immigration status, language, geography, sexual orientation, gender, or other factors. The focus of this funding opportunity is to strengthen the local infrastructure that helps people enroll in public benefits that foster economic stability.

To be eligible, organizations must:

Be tax-exempt under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code (with a valid IRS determination letter at the time of LOI submission) or use a fiscal sponsor that is a tax-exempt 501(c)(3) organization. Public or government entities are eligible to apply as part of a collaborative as the lead entity or a collaborative member.
Provide core safety net services to historically marginalized communities in Bastrop, Caldwell, Hays, Travis, and/or Williamson counties.
Both current and new grantees may apply to support new or existing work. Applicants may apply independently or as part of a strategic collaborative.

The questions that follow in the LOI will allow you to provide additional information for the Foundation to determine the proposal’s potential for impact.

For technical assistance, email grantsinfo@stdavidsfoundation.org or call 512-879-6584.
For program-related inquiries, email questions@stdavidsfoundation.org.

All applications must be submitted through the online grants portal.  Paper copies and emailed submissions will not be accepted.   

Request Details
Request Title
Include a brief title of your proposed work.

Request Summary
Tell us about your work and how your approach to providing benefits enrollment and other economic stability supports is client-driven, holistic, and effective in helping historically marginalized Central Texans enroll in benefits and become more financially stable. As outlined in the scoring rubric in the Funding Opportunity Overview, we encourage you to address the following components when describing your approach to this work: 

Client-driven - Services are designed around client needs in a way that honors their dignity and autonomy. The organization shares up-to-date and accurate information about available benefits and economic supports in an unbiased way—helping clients understand their options and make informed decisions that align with their priorities. Additionally, the organization has established trusted relationships with historically marginalized communities, with a culturally responsive approach tailored to their specific needs and priorities.
Holistic - The organization’s approach acknowledges the interconnected nature of this work and addresses clients’ needs in a comprehensive way that goes beyond benefits enrollment. To strengthen this work, the organization is closely connected with other safety net providers to help meet community members’ holistic needs.
Effective - The organization’s approach has been shown to increase enrollment in public benefits and/or improve economic stability of those served, as demonstrated by enrollment data for specific benefits programs for the past year and number of current staff trained on benefits enrollment. Participation in the HHSC Community Partner Program will be a key consideration, particularly for organizations in Travis County.
Please aim for no more than 500 words.

Geographic Impact
Select the geography that best aligns with the intended impact of this proposed work.

Choose Regional if the impact of your proposed work is equally focused across all Central Texas counties.
How did you learn about this funding opportunity?
Organization Details
Organization Name
The Collaborative Advocate Foundation
Full Address
County
Website
Current Annual Operating Budget
Submit the annual operating budget of your organization.  There is no specific format required for submission.  If applying with a fiscal sponsor, include the budget of the fiscally sponsored organization.

File not uploaded
Fiscal Sponsor
Will your organization receive funding through a fiscal sponsor that is a 501(c)(3) organization?  If yes is selected, additional fiscal sponsor questions will appear.

Contacts
Application Primary Contact  
This will be the primary point of contact for questions related to the LOI proposal and will be notified of application status once decisions have been made.

TERRY mr.terryflood@gmail.com
Additional Contact(s)  
Please note any additional contacts that should be copied on communications related to LOI decisions, if applicable.

Contacts Submitted in Grantee Portal
TERRY mr.terryflood@gmail.com
Work (Preferred): mr.terryflood@gmail.com

Close
