Skip to main content


Get Pro For Free
Get the desktop app

Local, reliable, bot-free recording

Download →
Basic
0 of 300 monthly mins used

Get Otter Pro

Ask or search

CtrlK


Share



Wilco Fatherhood Initiatives discussion- Pt. 2
More options

Emilio Flores
Today at 10:03 am
16 min

17 screenshots

copy summary
 Shared with: brandon.lofton@starry.org, Deneece Ferrales, E Hargrave, Jasmine Roussell, jessica.luckey@uwatx.org, Terry Flood
Summary
Transcript

Edit Transcript
Keywords
Fatherhood initiatives, Dads Care, grant opportunities, mental health services, community partnership, Episcopal Health Foundation, United Way, family stabilization, comprehensive care, health coverage, SNAP benefits, tool development, collaboration, nonprofit support, funding.
Speakers
Eric (44%), Dr. (28%), Speaker 1 (16%), Deneece (13%), Speaker 2 (<1%)
week of June is coming upon us.
It's in the books.
Yes.
Well, I think we have a lot of note takers this morning. I don't see anybody here, with the exception of Jessica, myself, and looks like Terry is here as well. But I think everything else is note takers. Let me look and see what other responses I got to the invitation, and we may.. this may be all of us, and that's okay. I still would like for you to at least let Jessica and I know, because we part of our role is connectors, and so we may. we may still be able to do something with this, but hang on. Brandon accepted. I don't see him here yet this morning, I I tell you what, because I have a meeting after this, and I want to be respectful of folks' time. I tell you what, Eric, let's go ahead and let you get started. I said that when we met again that we would just let you tell us about what you had in mind, in terms of like some potential joint funding, and so, so tell us a little bit about what you were thinking, what you're hoping to fund, all that good stuff, unless you start there, and if Emilio and or Brandon or Jasmine join us, we'll, we'll, we'll let them in, and we'll bring them into the conversation.
Awesome, awesome. So, first of all, I just wanted to say, thank you for meeting with us again. I know that this is not the popular topic of the century, so we get a lot of push and pull when it comes to this, so I'm used to, you know, the small crowds, and we just need to begin to kind of foster the organizations that do the different that do the different services and kind of pull them all together. I have been working very close with mr. Maker McAdams, who's just, who just jumped, joined, and also with Dr. Terry Flood, and a few different consulting for different communities in the local area, and Terry's developed an amazing tool that we are currently using to kind of pull everybody's capabilities together and search for grants at the same time that are relevant in that specific geographical area, it also can pull in statistical data and real time information for proposals and things like that, so I believe it's going to be a great tool to efficiently get us to where we need to go, not just talking about the tool we are talking about Fatherhood, but we've also, Terry's also created a tool for the Dads Care Two platform for Fatherhood, as we are monitoring and giving them mentorship, and at the same time referring them for mental health services or support services as they are needed as we move along. I think we're in our eighth week or ninth week with this group of fathers now, and we are looking to grow and create more of these different pockets in the different areas that me and Brandon were talking about the area in Waco, and being able to extend the services out there in connection with the Fatherhood Tours out there. We're also in links with Waco Foundation and the couple other foundations in that area for Central Texas that we are looking to kind of all pull our services together and look more impactful, not replacing anybody's services, not trying to reinvent the wheel, but pulling together each arm, so we've pulled, we've, you know, looked at everybody's group of services, and don't want to really overlap
 anything, but we've identified three good targeted grants that I believe is good for this coalition. One of the first grants that I thought about that came up in our search. Let me look at this first one here. Anyone has heard about the Episcopal Health Foundation? They have one that all three of these are going to be due in June, the but that one is a suggested asset, 250 to 500,000 over 12 to 24 month pilot program, as a, you know, to apply to that type of program, but implementing the different programs that we have, and also in collaboration with some of the efforts that United Way has in family stabilization, so combining those efforts of what you all have already done, already have pushing in the community in regard to providing those services, we would just add on to those services and create that grant, kind of like a comprehensive care plan for the community under that grant.
Eric, as we're going through, would you mind dropping in the chat some of these these opportunities that you're referencing?
Yes.
Thank you.
You testing my testing, my skills to talk and type, Lord Jesus,
and Jessica. I want you to know, even though you do the hokey pokey, it's okay. We can still, we can still be friends.
What does that mean?
You got, you got a
Virginia State jacket on.
I'm so glad I asked, because this is an Iowa State. Oh,
that's the Hawkeyes. I'm sorry,
it's actually the Cyclones.
Oh, wrong. Yeah, all my teams are wrong. All I know is that the Longhorns won softball tournament last night, and I'm very happy.
Oh, that's amazing. I'm so glad I asked. Sometimes I'll just nod and say I was
just trying to trying to kill some time while Eric's getting this stuff together.
I got one of them in there. I'm just gonna paste all three, so I don't, I
Can I ask, too? So, I, so you might have already mentioned this, but in this great opportunity, I see strengthening comprehensive, gosh, comprehensive care, activating community voice, and maximizing connections to health coverage and benefits are those. Where do you see this programming within those three drivers
for health? We would, we would drive towards mental health in that grant programming, and emphasize that as one of the key cornerstones of that type of program, which we have programs that talk directly to improving mental health. We would strip, we would emphasize a direct target to the fathers and Fatherhood support, as we have a lot of those fathers that deal with mental health and don't have the adequate coverage or education in a sense of importance alongside, so I think that that would be the direct approach to that grant, is
that the maximizing connections to health coverage and benefits.
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, my one call out with that is that, and we've worked with - we're currently funded by Episcopal Health Foundation for some of work that I do not touch at United Way, but in some other areas, and primarily what they're intending to focus on, which I'm sure they'll accept, of course, other applications and innovative proposals, but historically, what that's been is, is really like applications for health coverage and SNAP benefits, things like that. Is that, do you feel like there's alignment there,
I think that I
want to say in alignment with my nonprofit, because we did, based on the idea one of the speakers did form a consortium, so in alignment with that I actually have a tool that does that, because I applied for the St. David's grant that was looking to do something similar, and so covers the five counties, Travis, think it's Bastrop, Williams, and the two others, and it does do that, and it identifies the gaps where those people are, because it's so much funding and health coverage and things left on the table, from SNAP to EBT to all these things, and so it helps discover that, and then for the workers that are actually doing the work, from any even on their mobile phone, you just bump into somebody, you can literally go to those portals, either set up appointments or enroll them, and follow that track it to see. Okay, they said they need your birth certificate, they said they need your social security card, whatever, and make sure that that loop is closed and measure how many people got enrolled versus the counterfactual, so we do have that tool, and so even forefathers, because it's already hard enough,
and both our nonprofits also are registered in the community partnership to provide that education to the community for SNAP benefits. I can't remember off the top of my head the exact name of it, but I think you guys are familiar with being registered to provide that service to the community, and
thanks to Austin, it's either Austin or Travis County Health Portal, the HSC, I believe it is, but yeah, but yeah, so it does that, and it tracks
that's a great idea, Jessica. I think that's great to kind of direct it that way. Sorry to cut you off there.
No, you're fine, but yeah, it tracks it, and then it allows you to say, okay, of the 300 people we did try to assist, 150 were fully enrolled, 50 of them did not submit enough documents, 50 of them were denied. So you actually know the efficacy of your work, and you can show that, and then you can also show the funder, so you're not just saying, hey, we tried, you're saying, this is how we try, this is who we enroll, this is how we enroll them, and these are the gaps that we discovered, and the pain points. So we keep iterating and getting better at doing this, because once I saw all the money that's like left out there every year, I'm just like, this is no way.
Yeah, absolutely, yeah. And did you say Steve Davis Foundation supported the development of that tool, or supported
the.. they were actually the catalyst for me to develop the tool. I didn't know what the need was until I went to their briefing, and I was like, whole.. and so I made it not for us or our nonprofit, I made it for the whole five county area, so and I told them that in my proposal, because I didn't partner with anyone, and they said they had so many stronger proposals because they did have collaboration that they didn't choose, but I said it's still available to be used to do the work, so that it's not just one organization doing it and tracking it in their way or anything else, but it's a holistic tool to capture, because it's not about me or my nonprofit, it's about the community. So,
yeah, I love that approach, and so that was it. Sounds like maybe there's some time that has passed since that proposal. Have you identified? Oh, which? Oh, I see. Okay. Catalan community-led change was the application.
No, I think that's the one that's about to open, or is open
LOI that we can submit before the can't remember what the deadline for that one is, but I believe it's like around the 11th to submit the LOI,
yeah.
How accurate was this transcription?

00:0016:02



1x





Chat
Outline
Comments

New chat



What were the questions and answers from this meeting?

What decisions were made?

Write a follow-up email
Your chat is always private.

Got it.


Wilco Fatherhood Initiatives discussion- Pt. 2
﻿


Advanced

icon
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies
