Audit Analyze and improve key areas of your app's product, design, engineering, security, compliance, and more Product & User Experience

Product Check that your app truly solves the user's problem.

Design Review visual polish and design consistency.

Mobile & Tablet Check the experience on phones and tablets.

Performance Find where your app can be made faster for users. Documentation Improve user-facing docs and help content. Engineering & Scale

Code Quality Review the quality and maintainability of the code. Accessibility Check that everyone can use your app.

Scalability & Reliability Check that your app can handle a sudden surge in usage. Error Handling Make sure errors are captured and handled gracefully.

Database Verify the database is structured well and working correctly. Test Coverage & QA Find untested critical paths and missing tests. Integrations Verify third-party integrations are implemented correctly.

Hercules Cloud Reduce Hercules Cloud costs and improve backend performance. Security & Access

Security Run a security audit to identify potential vulnerabilities and get recommendations for improving your app's security.

Identity & Access Verify auth and permissions are implemented correctly. Dependency & Supply Chain Check for outdated, vulnerable, or risky dependencies. Marketing & Revenue

SEO Improve discoverability and shareability. Landing Page Optimization Optimize the landing page to drive your main call to action. Copy & Content Make sure the copy and content are clear and compelling. Branding Check that branding is cohesive and consistent. Internationalization Check i18n and localization setup and coverage. Billing & Tax Verify billing and tax are implemented correctly. Legal & Compliance

Legal Review terms, licenses, and required legal pages. Privacy Review how data is collected, stored, and disclosed. run all of these audits and a report for each and then consolidate everything that you find into one build. Do not generate a new task build it here following the doctrine and agent skills. Delegate and orchestrate and have an architect review and live test.