Skip to Main

TF
My Profile
Home
My Active Dashboard
Applications
Awards
Requests
Application Form
OSP New Application
Application Form
Please fill out the respective application form for the selected Funding Opportunity and Program

INITIAL APPLICATION FOR SUICIDE PREVENTION GRANT Application Form loaded
Form
INITIAL APPLICATION FOR SUICIDE PREVENTION GRANT
Required or All Fields
Required Fields
Progress: 18%
Application Overview
Instructions
Application Checklist
Adminstrative Information
Overview
Application Eligibility
Application
Section A
Section B
Section C
Section D
Section E
Section F
Section G
Budget
Certification
Area Linkages and Relations

﻿In scoring the application, VA will award up to 10 points based on the applicant's responses to questions contained in this section.

Required*
a. Provide evidence of established linkages (e.g., MOUs or letters of support) with the Federal government (including VA), State, local or tribal governmental agencies, or private entities for the purposes of providing additional services to participants. Applicant may also include a plan to establish such linkages for the purposes of providing additional services to participants.

*
Required*
b. Provide evidence of the applicant's, and any identified community partners', current and/or planned coordination and outreach with State and/or County (parish) Veterans' Affairs departments/agencies.

*
Required*
c. Provide evidence of the applicant's, and any identified community partners', current coordination, and outreach with federal VA healthcare facilities in the geographic area where services will be provided. If more than one VA healthcare facility, list name and location of all and provide evidence for each.

*
Required*
a. Describe the applicant's (or applicant's staff's), and any identified community partners' (or any community partner's staff), successful past working relationships with public and/or private institutions providing services to Veterans and/or individuals at risk of suicide. Provide the name of each institution and the nature and dates of the relationships, including measurable benefits and positive outcomes from those relationships. Include evidence (e.g., MOUs or letters of support) if past working relationships will be reinstituted for the proposed program.

*
Required*
a. Provide evidence of knowledge of and presence in the area or community in which the proposed program will be operated.

*
Required*
a. Describe how linkages to the local area or community are expected to enhance the effectiveness of the proposed program and the provision of suicide prevention services to participants.

*

Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved.

icon
