Skip to content
MyRWJF Brief Proposal
MyRWJF Activity MyRWJF  TERRYCaretDownIcon
2026 Call for Proposals
Learning from Abroad to Reimagine Health Knowledge Systems for Equity and Wellbeing
ID: 164054 pdfIcon Print Brief Proposal
Home
Resources
Contact Us
 
Brief Proposal
Eligibility Criteria
Applicant Organization
Key Contacts
Project Title and Summary
Project Information Questions
Brief Proposal Narrative
Budget Worksheet
Financial Documents
Demographics
Supporting Documents
Financial Documents *
Instruction:
Please provide financial documents for the two most recent completed fiscal years. 

PLEASE SCROLL DOWN TO SEE INSTRUCTIONS BELOW FOR UPLOADING:

Audited Financial Statements or Internal Financial Statements
Detailed Operating Budget 
Additional Context 

If you experience difficulties uploading your document(s), please be sure the file name is not too long and does not include any special characters. If the file name is too long and contains special characters, the system may prevent you from uploading the file. Also, the application & review system will not accept documents that are locked or password protected. This security feature must be removed from your files prior to uploading.

If you continue to experience difficulties converting and/or uploading your documents, please email by selecting the "Contact Us" link (located in the "Resources" box on the left of the screen.) 

When you have completed this page, select the "Save, section finished" button at the bottom of the page. Once all sections of your application are complete, you may "Submit" from the Home Page. All uploaded documents may be updated and replaced until you submit your application. 


* Indicates required
Description	Templates	Uploaded Documents	
Audited or Internal Financial Statements*
Does your organization have audited financial statements?

If yes, upload a copy of your organization’s most recent audited financial statements, including the opinion letter (and management letters from the auditors, if applicable). If the audited financial statements are not yet available for the most recent fiscal year, provide the internal financial statements for that period and provide the audited financial statements for the most recent period available.
If no, submit your organization’s internal financial statements (i.e., balance sheet, revenue/expense statement) for the last two complete years. 
If this information is available online, you may upload a PDF document with the URLs.
 

Documents must be converted to a PDF prior to uploading. For additional information, refer to "Applicant Guide" (located in the "Resources" box on the left of the screen.)

 
 		
Upload
Operating Budget*
Upload a copy of the organization’s detailed operating budget (including revenue and expenses) for the current fiscal year and a forecast for the next fiscal year, if available.

Documents must be converted to a PDF prior to uploading. For additional information, refer to "Applicant Guide" (located in the "Resources" box on the left of the screen.)

 

 
 		
Upload
Additional Context
If you believe your financial documents alone don’t adequately convey your organization’s financial status, feel free to provide additional context. (Optional)

Documents must be converted to a PDF prior to uploading. For additional information, refer to "Applicant Guide" (located in the "Resources" box on the left of the screen.)

 
 		
Upload
rwjf.orgRWJF.org © 2001 - 2026 RWJF. All Rights Reserved.
icon
