Skip to content
Where We Work

How We Work
Research & Insights
News & Stories

About Us

Get Involved

Home > Research & Insights
Research & Insights
Learning alongside the communities we serve. 


Our work and insights.
We are committed to listening, learning, and evolving our strategy in partnership with communities, organizations, and institutions striving to advance health equity in Central Texas. We invite you to explore and learn alongside us through our Research and Insights articles below.

We share Research that we have funded or created to deepen our collective understanding of health inequities. We connect data to learning and Foundation strategy through Insights pieces authored by Foundation staff.

Through the Community Health Needs Assessment (CHNA), we seek to more deeply understand our region’s health needs – particularly those faced by historically-underserved community members – and use these findings to inform our strategy, guide our investments, and work alongside our community to improve the region’s health and well-being.
Featured Article
Research
How Rural Libraries Are Reimagining Mental Health Support
In January 2022, St. David’s Foundation launched the Libraries for Health initiative to address the shortage of mental health care in rural Central Texas. The effort was grounded in community …
Search
Filter by keyword
Topics
Access to Care
Central Texas
Community-Driven Change
Economic Stability
Grantmaking
Health Equity
Learning and Evaluation
Mobile Dental Program
Neal Kocurek Scholarship
Rural Communities
Showing 58 Results
Insights
Insights from We All Benefit Funding Opportunity
Expanding our understanding of benefits enrollment for Central Texans to inform future funding and collaboration
Insights
Listening, Learning, and Growing: Insights from Our 2025 Declined Grant Applicant Survey
An overview of insights shared by grant applicants on their experience with our grantmaking process, perceptions of the Foundation and our impact in Central Texas
Insights
Centering Lived Experience to Strengthen Trust, Partnerships, and Community Health and Well-being
Centering community expertise through compensated, relationship-based advisory structures strengthens the Foundation’s ability to design responsive, equitable strategies. By listening to and acting on lived experience, St. David’s Foundation translates community …
Insights
Innovative 529 College Savings Pilot Improves Access to Scholarship Funds
Eliminating economic barriers for students from marginalized communities pursuing careers in healthcare is central to their success. For students who have earned a scholarship, barriers can still exist when accessing …
Research
Direct Cash as a Tool to Build Economic Stability
Economic stability plays an outsized role in health. About one-third of our Central Texas neighbors struggle to make ends meet. This financial strain, and its effects, erode health in the …
Research
How Rural Libraries Are Reimagining Mental Health Support
In January 2022, St. David’s Foundation launched the Libraries for Health initiative to address the shortage of mental health care in rural Central Texas. The effort was grounded in community …
Research
Bridging the Digital Divide: Understanding Broadband and Digital Inclusion in Travis County
Austin is often celebrated as a thriving tech hub, home to some of the world’s most innovative companies and brightest talent. However, beyond the city’s booming digital economy lies a …
Research
Community Voices Project
Engaging community members across our Central Texas region is key to informing our work as a funder and importantly, building trusting and authentic relationships. Many face challenges while advocating for …
Previous
1
2
3
4
…
8
Next
St. David’s Foundation is a community-focused and equity-driven organization supporting health and well-being in five Central Texas counties. Learn More

St. David’s Foundation
1303 San Antonio Street, Suite 600
Austin, TX 78701
Search

Where We Work
How We Work
Research & Insights
News & Stories
About Us
Get Involved
Privacy
twitter
youtube
linkedin
facebook
instagram
Stay up to date by signing up for our newsletter.
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and stories on health equity in Central Texas!
Your email address here

Copyright © 2026 St. David's Foundation. All Rights Reserved.
Created by Constructive
icon
