Dear Supplier,

This is a courtesy reminder that the following opportunity is closing soon. You do not currently have a submitted response to this opportunity.

Bid Opportunity Information
Bid Number: RFP2026-04-650
Bid Title: PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, CONSULTANT, AND BROKERAGE SERVICES
Issue Date: 4/10/2026 07:59:30 AM (CT)
Close Date: 5/29/2026 02:00:00 PM (CT)
Question Cut Off Date: 5/13/2026 02:00:00 PM (CT)

Bid Notes
This is a proposal for PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, CONSULTANT, AND BROKERAGE SERVICES
 
This solicitation is open continuously from April 10, 2026 to May 29, 2026.  Proposals will be evaluated monthly, with deadlines for submission at 2:00 PM on the date specified in the "Bid Activities" tab.  Late proposals will be considered in the next evaluation cycle. 
 
McKinney ISD encourages all vendors who provide these commodities to respond to this Request for Proposal (RFP), including sole-source providers. McKinney ISD aims to establish a list of approved vendors to supply the goods and/or services outlined in this RFP. When a need arises, McKinney ISD will use the contracted vendor list as a primary resource for procuring these goods and/or services. However, McKinney ISD is under no obligation to use a specific vendor, and an award does not guarantee any minimum level of expenditure. The District will select the vendor(s) that best meet the District's needs and its requirements for each purchase.
 
PLEASE NOTE: THIS CONTRACT REPLACES RFP2025-07-645 (EXPIRES 8/17/2026). VENDORS CURRENTLY AWARDED UNDER CONTRACT RFP2025-07-645 ARE ENCOURAGED TO RESPOND TO THIS RFP TO BE CONSIDERED FOR CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN FUTURE DISTRICT PROCUREMENTS FOR THESE SERVICES.
 
ELECTRONIC BIDDING: We strongly encourage that bidders/proposers submit this bid/proposal electronically. Electronic bidding will eliminate errors, unnecessary work, and reduce paper. When completing this bid/proposal electronically it will not be necessary to submit a paper response.

OFFLINE SUBMISSIONS (PAPER): If you are unable to submit your bid/proposal electronically, you may submit your bid/proposal offline. Bid/Proposal must be submitted in a SEALED ENVELOPE OR CARTON bearing on the outside; the name of the bidder/proposer, address, and the bid/proposal name and number. Offline responses shall be mailed or delivered to:

Director of Purchasing
McKinney Independent School District
Administration Building
#1 Duvall Street
McKinney, TX 75069

If forwarded by mail (next day, Federal Express, etc.), the sealed envelope containing the bid/proposal must be enclosed in another envelope addressed as specified. McKinney ISD is not responsible for lateness of mail, carrier, etc. The date/time stamp clock in the McKinney ISD Purchasing Department office shall be the official time of receipt. Bid/Proposals submitted after the designated date/time will not be accepted. Faxed or e-mailed bid/proposals will not be accepted.

INCLEMENT WEATHER: In case of inclement weather or any other unforeseen event causing McKinney ISD to close for business on the date of a bid/proposal submission deadline, the bid/proposal closing will automatically be postponed until the next business day McKinney ISD is open, unless Contractor is otherwise notified. The bid/proposal opening time of day shall remain the same.

ADDENDA: Any interpretations, corrections, supplemental instructions or changes to the bid/proposal documents will be issued by an Addenda. Oral and other interpretations or clarifications will be without legal effect.

AWARD: McKinney ISD reserves the right to accept or reject any and/or all bids/proposals for any or all products and/or services covered in this bid/proposal request and to waive informalities or defects in bids/proposals or to accept such bids/proposals as it shall deem to be in the best interest of McKinney ISD. The District reserves the right to award multiple vendors to achieve best value.
 
CONTRACT: This bid/proposal, upon acceptance and approval by the McKinney ISD Board of Trustees, shall constitute a binding contract between the successful proposer(s) and McKinney ISD. Any additional terms, modifications, or supplemental agreements may be incorporated into the contract if mutually agreed upon in writing and approved by McKinney ISD.
 
TERM: The successful vendor(s) will enter into an annual contract for Professional Development, Training, Consultant, and Brokerage Services. The initial contract period shall be effective upon Board approval and be firm until May 17, 2027. The contract shall automatically renew for four (4) additional one (1) year periods unless either the successful vendor(s) or McKinney ISD provides written notice of non-renewal at least 30 days prior to the renewal date.
 
The District shall have the right to terminate the contract, in whole or in part, for its own convenience and without cause any time upon thirty (30) days prior to written Notice of Termination. Upon receipt of a Notice of Termination, the vendor shall promptly cease all further work pursuant to the contract award, with such exceptions, if any, specified in the Notice of Termination.
 
McKinney ISD has the option to extend this RFP at the end of the performance period for up to 120 days if determined to be in the best interest of the district to ensure availability of products and/or services. Additionally, McKinney ISD may issue subsequent Request for Proposals as needed.

Initial Contract Period:  Date of Award – May 17, 2027

Optional Extension Period 1: May 18, 2027 – May 17, 2028

Optional Extension Period 2: May 18, 2028 – May 17, 2029

Optional Extension Period 3: May 18, 2029 – May 17, 2030
 
Optional Extension Period 4: May 18, 2030 – May 17, 2031


Bid Contact Information
Purchasing Department
#1 Duvall
McKinney, TX 75069 USA
(469) 302-4014
(469) 302-4139
purchasing@mckinneyisd.net

Click Here to View Opportunity

Unsubscribe