Submission Resources and FAQs

This collection of resources will help you understand the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Health’s (ARPA-H) funding award process, navigate the application process, and answer questions about funding mechanisms, government policies, and doing business with ARPA-H.
Our Funding Award Process
A representation of the process of working with BID
Planning and Initiation

ARPA-H identifies a broad research focus area or launches a specific research program 

Solicitation

ARPA-H releases solicitations, usually in the form of an Innovative Solutions Opening (ISO) 

Evaluation and Selection

Proposers submit solution summaries or full proposals and ARPA-H provides feedback 

Negotiation and Award(s)

ARPA-H makes awards to submitter(s) after negotiating terms and conditions 

Performance

Performers execute tasks and receive payment per agreement milestones and payment terms 

Completion and Closeout

When the research is done, ARPA-H closes the agreement but provides ongoing product support 

Application Resources

Resources and guides to help you better understand ARPA-H's application process.

Common Terms and Definitions 

A list of the most common terms and acronyms associated with ARPA-H's funding and award process.

Navigating the Application Process 

A step-by-step guide to help proposers prepare for and navigate the application process.

Mission Office ISOs: Know Before Applying 

A guide to learn more about these unique funding mechanisms and their application requirements.

ARPA-H 101 series

These articles give quick overviews on topics related to how to work with the agency.

Understanding the Research Security Review Process

A guide to understanding the security review process and what to expect if your proposal requires security review.

Templates

Reminder, all required documents and templates needed to submit a Solution Summary or full proposal will be provided in the solicitation. The templates posted here are for additional reference and convenience.

Administration and National Policy Requirements Template (dotx): This template requests information, including intellectual property assertions, identification of senior or key personnel for research security reviews, and organizational conflicts of interest disclosures. Proposers are required to complete this document as part of proposal submissions.
Mission Office ISO - Solution Summary Template (dotx): This template assists proposers in completing solution summaries for ARPA-H Mission Office Innovative Solution Opening (ISO). Mission Office ISOs require a Solution Summary in advance of a full proposal submission.
Note about Program ISOs: The documents needed to submit a program-specific Solution Summary are tailored to each opportunity. Templates are provided per program within the solicitation posted on SAM.gov.

External Websites

A list of websites that you will interact with during the application process.

Solutions site (external link): The Solutions site is ARPA-H's proposal submission and registration platform. This is where proposers can submit Solution Summaries and proposals, register for ARPA-H events, and complete other tasks related to the funding application process.
SAM.gov (external link): The System for Award Management (SAM.gov) is an official website of the U.S. Government. ARPA-H posts and maintains solicitations for proposals on SAM.gov. Direct links to solicitation postings will be provided on the associated opportunity’s informational page. SAM.gov is also where potential performers can register or renew a unique entity identifier (UEI).
Contracting Authority

Unlike some funding agencies, ARPA-H does not provide grants to support research. Instead, we employ a range of alternative contract mechanisms, which allow us to address the critical health challenges that traditional research and private industry cannot. 

Per 42 U.S.C. 290c (external link), ARPA-H has the authority to award Other Transactions (OTs), Cooperative Agreements, grants, contracts, and cash prizes; ARPA-H primarily leverages OTs and cooperative agreements for R&D efforts.

OTs are a unique type of contracting instrument that provides government entities the ability to enter flexible business arrangements with potential performers, adopt and incorporate business practices like those within commercial industry, and expand industrial bases. OTs often result in flexible, streamlined, and cost-effective project design and execution when compared to other contracting instruments.

Agreement Samples:

Other Transaction Agreement Sample (doc): This sample allows potential performers to view an OT agreement with articles and language that may be used by ARPA-H. NOTE: Included articles and language may vary depending on the program/project/effort and negotiations with performers.
Consolidated Cooperative Agreement Terms and Conditions Sample (doc): This sample shares terms and conditions (T&Cs) that may be included in a cooperative agreement awarded by ARPA-H. Note: Final T&Cs may vary depending on the program/project/effort, and any draft cooperative agreement should be carefully reviewed by potential performers prior to signature. 
For more information about OTs, visit the ARPA-H Other Transaction Community.
Submission FAQs

Find answers to the most commonly asked questions about solicitations, submissions, and the funding process.

View Submission FAQs
Vitals Newsletter

Stay Connected

Keep a pulse on new funding opportunities, research and program updates, and insights from ARPA-H experts, delivered weekly.



 ARPA-H
ARPA-H advances bold, innovative research to solve the most challenging health problems. Our programs span from fundamental science to translational medicine, driving breakthrough discoveries that transform patient care and public health outcomes.

Connect with ARPA-H

X/Twitter logo
LinkedIn logo
YouTube logo
Instagram logo
About
About