Skip to Main

TF
My Profile
Home
My Active Dashboard
Applications
Awards
Requests
Application Form
OSP New Application
Application Form
Please fill out the respective application form for the selected Funding Opportunity and Program

INITIAL APPLICATION FOR SUICIDE PREVENTION GRANT Application Form loaded
Form
INITIAL APPLICATION FOR SUICIDE PREVENTION GRANT
Required or All Fields
Required Fields
Progress: 18%
Application Overview
Instructions
Application Checklist
Adminstrative Information
Overview
Application Eligibility
Application
Section A
Section B
Section C
Section D
Section E
Section F
Section G
Budget
Budget Instructions
Budget
Certification
Applicants are required to provide a detailed program budget that itemizes the suicide prevention services, and indirect costs associated with the proposed program. Applicants are required to provide a detailed description of each line item contained in this budget and the underlying assumptions associated with each line-item amount.



Personnel/Labor

Position/Title: Input the titles of all SSG Fox SPGP funded personnel (e.g., Program Manager, Case Manager, Peer Specialist, Outreach Specialist etc.)

# FTE: Input the number of employees (FTE’s) who will hold the specified title at the specified organization and have an allocation of time within the budget. For example, if you have two full-time Case Managers and two half-time Case Managers, enter two Case Manager lines. The percentage of time allocated can be added in to the next field.

% FTE: Input the percentage of time the staff members will devote to the SSG Fox SPGP-funded program as a decimal. The decimal will automatically adjust to the percentage (e.g., full-time staff would be entered as 1 and then shown at 100%). Using the example above enter 1 for 2 Case Managers and .50 for 2 Case Managers and they will show as 100% and 50%.

Base Annual Salary: Input the annual salary of the specified personnel, assuming full- time employment. Total Budgeted Amount: This will automatically calculated based on the % of FTE and the Base Annual Salary as well as calculating the number of FTE.

Detailed Narrative: Add in a description of the position and how it will be used within the grant.



Note: If you are a State or local government or tribe and you are subcontracting to a community partner, please distinguish which employee will be employed by applicant, and which will be employed by the community partner.



Fringe Benefits: Input cost of fringe benefits (if any) in the field below the table.



Program Specific Financial Assistance: Input the estimated cost of third-party payments on behalf of participants, which includes time-limited payments for transportation, food, childcare and general suicide prevention assistance.



Other Non-Personnel Costs List expenses related to the provision and coordination of suicide prevention services. For allowable expenses, please refer to 2 CFR 200 Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, And Audit Requirements for Federal Awards; 38 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 78 and SSG Fox SPGP Program Guide.



Line items for vendors providing specialized services such as legal services should be entered in this section. Each vendor should have a Memoranda of Agreement (MOA).



Lease & Maintenance of Vehicle(s) should also be included in this section.



NOTE: Grantees will be required to travel for VA mandated SSG Fox SPGP in-person training. Please ensure to include a line item labeled “VA Mandated Travel.” Generally, there are 1- 2 in-person trainings per year with 1-2 grantee personnel requested to attend.



Administrative Costs: Select one method for administrative costs of either the De Minimus or the Approved Indirect Cost Rate (IDCR). With the changes to the regulatory guidance in 2 CFR § 200.414 Indirect costs, the support for administrative costs will differ depending on which method. De Minimis: Insert the total amount (rate) of administrative costs. The rate is the percentage of the Modified Total Direct Cost (MTDC) that can be used by SSG Fox SPGP Grantees who do not have a negotiated Indirect Cost Agreement. This approach allows a grantee to elect to apply up to the top percent rate to a designated base of direct costs and avoid the need to document and negotiate an indirect cost rate (IDCR) with a cognizant federal agency or pass-through entity. Approved Indirect Cost Rate (IDCR): For an approved IDCR or plan to submit a proposal for an IDCR then insert the total amount (rate) of administrative costs. An indirect cost rate is established based on a Federally approved indirect cost rate proposal and supporting documentation submitted by organizations. An indirect cost rate is the ratio between the total indirect expenses and some direct cost base.


Copyright © 2026. All rights reserved.

icon
