Wilco Fatherhood Initiatives discussion- Pt. 2
Fri, Jun 5, 2026

0:07 - Jessica Luckey
Hi there, good morning everyone.

0:10 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Good morning. How's everyone doing?

0:14 - Jessica Luckey
We're doing well. I Deneece was talking a little bit, but I haven't she's been muted. So I think maybe she has something to say and she might come off mute you in a moment.

0:46 - Deneece Ferrales
Okay, I had to switch from phone to computer. Sorry about that. Good morning.

0:52 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Good morning.

0:54 - Unidentified Speaker
How are you doing this morning?

0:56 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
I am blessed. It is an amazing morning. It is Friday and the first week of June is coming upon us.

1:08 - Deneece Ferrales
It's in the books.

1:09 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

1:12 - Deneece Ferrales
Well, I see we a lot of note takers this morning, but I don't see anybody here with the exception of Jessica, myself, and it looks like Terry is here as well. But I think everything else is note-takers. Let me look and see what other responses I got to the invitation. But we may, this may be all of us, and that's okay. I still would like for you to. To at least let Jessica and I know because we, part of our role is connectors. And so we may still be able to do something with this, but hang on. Brandon accepted. I don't see him here yet this morning. Well, I tell you what, because I have a meeting after this and I want to be respectful of folks' time. I tell you what, Eric, let's go ahead and let you get started. I said that when we met again, that we would just let you tell us about what you'd had in mind in terms of like some potential joint funding. And so, tell us a little bit about what you were thinking, what you're hoping to fund, all of that good stuff. And let's just start there. And if Emilio and Brandon or Jasmine join us, we'll let them in and we'll bring them into the conversation.

2:58 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Awesome. Awesome. So first of all, I just wanted to say thank you for meeting with us again. I know that this is not the popular topic of the century. So we get a lot of push and pull when it comes to this. So I'm used to, you know, the small crowds and we just need to begin to kind of foster the organizations that do the different To do the different services and kind of pull them all together. I have been working very close with Ms. Jamaika McAdams, who's just who just joined, and also with Dr. Terry Flood in a few different consulting for different communities in the local area. And Terry's developed an amazing tool that we are currently using to. Kind of pull everybody's capabilities together and search for grants at the same time that are relevant in that specific geographical area. It also can pull in statistical data and real-time information for proposals and things like that. So I believe it's going to be a great tool to efficiently get us to where we need to go. Not just talking about the tool, we are talking about fatherhood, but we've also, Terry's also created a tool for the DAS Care 2 platform for fatherhood as we are monitoring and giving them mentorship. And at the same time referring them for mental health services or support services as they are needed as we move along. I think we're in our eighth week or ninth week with this group of fathers now and we are looking to grow and create more of these different pockets in the different areas as me and Brandon were talking about. The area in Waco and being able to extend the services out there in connection with the fatherhood tours out there. We're also in links with Waco Foundation and the couple other foundations in that area for Central Texas that we are looking to kind of all pull our. Services together and look more impactful, not replacing anybody's services, not trying to reinvent the wheel, but pulling together each arm. So we've pulled, we've, you know, looked at everybody's group of services and don't want to really overlap anything, but we've identified three good targeted. Grants that I believe is good for this coalition. One of the first grants that I thought about that came up in our search. Let me look at this first one here. If anyone has heard about the Episcopal Health Foundation, they have wanted all three of these are going to be due in June. But that one is a suggested asset $250,000 to $500,000 over 12 to 24-month pilot program. That's, you know, to apply to that type of program. But implementing the different programs that we have and also. In collaboration with some of the efforts that United Way has in family stabilization. So, combining those efforts of what you all have already done, already have pushing in the community in regard to providing those services, we would just add on to those services and create that grant, kind of like a comprehensive care plan for the community under that grant.

7:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Eric.

7:19 - Jessica Luckey
as we're going through, would you mind dropping in the chat some of these opportunities that you're referencing?

7:27 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes.

7:33 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
You're testing my skills to talk and type, Lord Jesus.

7:40 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
And Jessica, I want you to know: even though you do the hokey-pokey, it's okay. We can still. We can still be friends.

7:50 - Jessica Luckey
What does that mean?

7:55 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
You got a Virginia State jacket on.

7:58 - Jessica Luckey
Oh, no, this is.

8:01 - Jessica Luckey
I'm so glad I asked because this is an Iowa State.

8:05 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Oh, that's the Hawkeyes. I'm sorry.

8:08 - Jessica Luckey
It's actually the Cyclones.

8:10 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Oh, wrong. Yeah. All my teams are wrong. All I know is that. The Longhorns won softball tournament last night, and I'm very happy.

8:21 - Jessica Luckey
Oh, that's amazing. I'm so glad I asked.

8:26 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Sometimes I'll just nod and say, Okay, just trying to kill some time while Eric's getting his stuff together.

8:40 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
I got one of them in there. I'm just paste all three so I don't.

8:54 - Jessica Luckey
Can I ask to so I so you might have already mentioned this, but in this grant opportunity I see strengthening comforts at oh gosh, comprehensive care, activating community voice, and maximizing connections to health coverage and benefits. Are those, where do you see this programming within those three drivers?

9:16 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
For health, we would drive towards mental health in that grant programming and emphasize that as one of the key cornerstones of that type of program. Which we have programs that talk directly to improving mental health. We would emphasize a direct target to the fathers and fatherhood support as we have a lot of those fathers that deal with mental health and don't have the adequate coverage or education in a sense of importance to help them alongside. So I think that that would be the direct approach to that grant.

10:04 - Jessica Luckey
Is that the maximizing connections to health coverage and benefits?

10:07 - Jessica Luckey
Yes, ma'am.

10:08 - Jessica Luckey
Okay. My one call out with that is that, and we've worked with, we're currently funded by Episcopal Health Foundation for some of work that I do not touch at United Way, but in some other areas. And primarily, what they're intending to focus on, which I'm sure they'll accept. Of course, other applications and innovative proposals. But historically, what that's been is really like applications for health coverage and SNAP benefits, things like that. Is that, do you feel like there's alignment there?

10:51 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
I think that's going to say. In alignment with my nonprofit, because we did based on the idea, one of the speakers spoke last time, did form a consortium.

11:05 - Unidentified Speaker
So in alignment with that, I actually have a tool that does that because I applied for the St.

11:12 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
David's grant that was looking to do something similar. And so it covers the five counties, Travis, I think it's Bashdrop, Williams, and the two others. Does do that, and it identifies the gaps where those people are. Um, because there's so much funding and health coverage and things left on the table from SNAP to EBT to all these things, and so it helps discover that. And then, for the workers that are actually doing the work from any, even on their mobile phone, you just bump into somebody, you can literally go to those portals. Either set up appointments or enroll them and follow that and track it to see, okay, they said they need your birth certificate, they said they need your social security card, whatever, and make sure that the loop is closed and measure how many people got enrolled versus the counterfactual. So we do have that tool. And so even forefathers, because it's already hard enough.

12:18 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
And both our nonprofits also are registered in the community partnership to provide that education to the community for SNAP benefits. I can't remember off the top of my head the exact name of it, but I think you guys are familiar with being registered to provide that service to the community.

12:40 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
I think it's the Austin, it's either Austin or Travis County Health Portal. I believe it is. But, um, yeah, but yeah, so it does that and it tracks.

12:53 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
I think that's a great idea, Jessica. I think that's great to kind of direct it that way. Sorry to cut you off, Terry.

12:59 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
No, you're fine. But yeah, it tracks it and then it allows you to say, okay, of the 300 people we did try to assist, 150 were fully enrolled. 50 of them. Them did not submit enough documents. 50 of them were denied. So you actually know the efficacy of your work and you can show that. And then you can also show the funder. So you're not just saying, hey, we tried. You're saying, this is how we tried. This is who we enrolled. This is how we enrolled them. And these are the gaps that we discovered and the pain points.

13:36 - Unidentified Speaker
So we keep iterating and

13:39 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
getting better at doing this because once I saw all the money that's like left out there every year, I'm just like, this is no way.

13:49 - Jessica Luckey
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. And did you say St.

13:53 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
David's Foundation supported the development of that tool or supported the no, they were actually the catalyst for me to develop the tool. I didn't know what the need was until I went to their briefing and I was like, whole. And so I made it not for us or our nonprofit, I made it for the whole five-county area. So, and I told them that in my proposal because I didn't partner with anyone. And they said they had so many stronger proposals because they did have collaborators that they didn't choose it. But I said it's still available to be used to do the work so that. It's not just one organization doing it and tracking it in their way or anything else, but it's a holistic tool to capture because it's not about me or my nonprofit, it's about the community.

14:44 - Jessica Luckey
So, yeah, I love that approach. And so, that was, it sounds like maybe there's some time that has passed since that proposal. Have you identified a month ago? Oh, oh, which. Oh, I see. Okay, Catalyzing Community Led Change was the application.

15:03 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
No, I think that's the one that's about to open or is open. It's the one right before that one.

15:08 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Oh, I see. Okay. And we have a LOI that we can submit before the, I can't remember what the deadline for that one is, but I believe it's like around the 11th to submit the LOI.

15:22 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Yeah, this new catalyzed and change one just. They just had the live event where they spoke about it last week on the 27th of May. Yes.

15:32 - Jessica Luckey
And you're exactly right. Any application submitted to St. David's Foundation is going to have a very, very heavy emphasis on collaboration. And so, can you tell me a little bit for the St. David's opportunity? Could you tell me a little bit about what?

15:53 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
what might be the idea to submit um whether it's the mental health component whether it's the fatherhood curriculum what what we might be thinking of there uh so for the saint davids there's many different avenues that we can go at uh I was looking at the father-led kind of uh resident leadership network um to strengthen family stability mental health child engagement, economic mobility type of thing for Williamson and Travis counties and have United Way to lead that grant for St. David's, pulling in fatherhood tours, pulling in dads care too, pulling in ISS with the platforms to deliver that stability model.

16:48 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, and I was because I'm not a linear thinker.

16:53 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
I think everything is integrated. And so while we do improve the mental health of the fathers, because that's really important, especially fathers that are not happy current system and not having access to their children and just everything's against them. Their whole mindset. So if we address that on the mental health side and also show them that you have to control the controllable because impulse control and you sending mean text messages to the mother and all that, that's not gonna really help you in court. Right. And but you're not thinking like long term. So we are trying to help them think that way so that they can get a better, you know, better leverage. Within the system. And we're here to help and support and guide them in that. And that's what Eric's program does. I in it last night, and it was really amazing conversations. And then we also allow them to help themselves because so many tools and resources are right there on his dad's care too page where they go in and then we track that to um and we basically help them build a care plan about these are my needs this is how I assess myself this is what I would like to do in short term this is what I want my long-term goals to be this is the type of father that I want to be these are and so we let them tell us about themselves and then we review that and that's how he partners them with the right mentors and gives them the right support at the right time and we hope to replicate that in the communities that they're operating in, tied to the tools and resources that are in that community and the people and opportunities that exist. So, if they need help with self-control, if they need help with workforce development, if they need help with education, we have all those resources.

18:55 - Unidentified Speaker
It pulls live from that location. So we're not saying, hey, well, if you drive to Austin and you live in Waco, you can get this.

19:05 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
No, if you drive down the street or you call this number, you can get this. So that we're connecting the right people with the right opportunities based on because we can't plan for them. We collaborate and plan with them because me and Eric have great plans. They work for us. My plan is not going to work. For Eric, and Eric's plan is not going work for me. And so we try to build and plan alongside them. And then, if they approve of the plan, then that's when accountability sets in because you said that you're going attend these amount of meetings, you're do these things. You're get your driver's license. You're going to go to court. And we even have reminders for when they have important life events. So you have a court date in two days. You have this coming up. And so, because life does get hectic. But if you really want to be involved in your child's life, you need to do these things. Or if you even return from, you know, return to citizenship after being incarcerated, it's okay. This is how we're going to get you there. And we just. Walk alongside them and collaborate always, but they don't just have the need to be a good father. They have the need to be a whole person. And that's what we approach it as. But the fatherhood initiative is a step in that direction as part of a broader toolkit.

20:26 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
And it has been definitely a test here in Austin and Central Texas because it took upon a different. Form in regard to the population that we serve? So, in say in another location, most of that population are the at-risk population, those coming out of incarceration, those dealing with court cases, those dealing with needing jobs and things of that nature. Whereas this Austin class is built up of professionals, fathers that have their kids, have custody of their kids. Have jobs, have adequate ways forward in regard to their profession and making a living. However, we all still need as fathers guidance and a place to support in different avenues dealing with raising kids in this culture, because it's definitely taking a different form. So, we've definitely made some strides in bringing out those issues in the group. And agreeing, all agreeing on ways to move forward in those avenues and getting tools in our tool belt to be more effective in relationships with our kids, spouses, and significant others. So it's been a great evolution seeing the gel together. What we need to work on next as we establish the class, the next step is to pull together the collaboration of services in the different organizations. So, United Way playing that role in family stabilization, Fatherhood Tours being that arm in a lot of the events, a lot of the different Relationship building events that they are so good at. And he's done numerous of those different gatherings and pulled together lots of fathers at those events. So, because that's a key component in the program itself. The mentors, linking with the churches and the different mentor platforms to make sure we have those mentors, and then Starry. And Black Men's Health Clinic to be that mental health arm to provide that mental health, which is also programmed into the platform itself. So it has a different portion in which we can do the notes for the counselor, the notes for the therapist, and process billing through the platform. Which is another part that I want to establish that has not been tested yet, but it is an arm that the Black Men's Health Clinic is willing to work with us in developing to make that pipeline more direct because our mentors will be trained peer-to-peer specialists, which is in that pipeline of mentorship and counseling and therapy. So we want to have that. That direct link within the mentors within the fatherhood program. I'm also a facilitator and a trainer. So being able to train more fatherhood practitioners within each one of these nodes is important as well. So pulling together this collaboration is the next step in implementation within a community. So, yes, just the key component. So, thank you for bringing that up, Jessica, because it is very important to understand why I am here, right? What am I doing on this meeting, and how am I going to be included in this? By the way, obviously, it's going to play a big role as not only your name. But also how long you've been established in this community is going to help with strides of recognition and also stability for those funders to say, okay, yeah, they're linked to major organizations.

24:48 - Jessica Luckey
Yeah, I think that makes a lot of sense and it's definitely very compelling curriculum. I want to call out really quickly, so as far as the catalyzing community-led change. United Way for Greater Austin has already submitted a different application for different programming. And so we would not be able to lead a submission or an additional submission for that opportunity. I want to say what I think would be most relevant, just in my own personal experience, it's been tricky given our. Grants capacity to propose new applications. Where we have the most, I think, opportunity and capacity is to be a supportive or, you know, to provide letter of supports or to be. Referenced in applications, and I think what's been most successful for our partners is really leaning into involvement with the Early Childhood Success by Six Coalition. And I think that I think there's ways to tie that in that makes it or sort of calls it to the forefront and is not necessarily like a footnote in the application. I think. We can talk about is really leveraging that relationship, but I don't know that we would have the capacity to be a lead applicant on some of what you've submitted. I think too, I have a couple other thoughts. One is that in the documents that you've shared, which are super helpful, the dads to care presentation that was shared after our last conversation. I'm seeing a couple references to, we have some proposed targets, which are really exciting. And then I see that we have some, it sounds like proposed outcomes. My question around that is that has this curriculum ever been formally evaluated?

27:02 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yes.

27:02 - Jessica Luckey
Oh, great. Can you speak to that a little bit? What was that evaluation process?

27:07 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
So the curriculum comes out of the NPCL, the National Partnership of Community Leaders. It's an organization out of Washington, DC. They have had this curriculum out for a good number of years and is nationally recognized. As a fatherhood curriculum alongside 24-7 DAD. I can get you specific information on the evaluation process or what evaluations the curriculum has gone through. But it has been a licensed curriculum for at least five years. I've been in facilitator for five years. And I'm headed to the international conference on Sunday. Oh, meet with the all the people that are doing fatherhood fatherhood programs all meet once a year in DC.

28:07 - Jessica Luckey
That's exciting.

28:09 - Jessica Luckey
I think, um, and so is there a formal tie to the National Partnership of Community Leaders? Like, is there a criteria around maintaining fidelity to the program? Okay, cool.

28:23 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yeah, it's on their website. They have a sub-website on the NPCL website that is the PFF. Let me just pull that up.

28:41 - Jessica Luckey
Yeah, the reason I ask is because, in my experience, a lot of our especially when we're implementing new programming, um, a lot of funders are very interested in measuring, right? Like, so if there are, um, if in any of these applications, honestly, if there is a large emphasis on, you know, with this funding, we will be able to evaluate the local impact as well because, um, that's just seems to be kind of high priority um in a lot of our conversations with different funders so that's definitely a component to consider um I would also as I mentioned really really emphasize the connection thank you for that uh the connection to this uh success by six coalition and I know the black mental health clinic has had um Either involvement or ties to our coalition work. And so that's you're almost painting the picture of this string of networks that exist in partnership with you. And I think in all of the applications, I think that's a really strong selling point for funding this work because they want to see, you know, if we're funding you, what what exists outside of you? What is being supported because of this funding outside of this direct relationship with our grantee? And so that's where those connections come in. And it sounds like you are already building those or have built those, and that those are really short questions.

30:21 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
We definitely have built those and a part of multiple coalitions in different states. As we are bringing the concept and idea of these things together for fatherhood empowerment and explaining how it can start to draw down from the billions of dollars being spent in fatherless homes as a result of fatherless homes. The data's there. They understand the problem, but being able to bite at it in bits is continuing to just eat at, it's kind of like a consumable, right? Um, we are putting band-aids on the problem. So, pulling together a collaborative program in each one of these communities to change that dynamic, uh, begin to work with the families at the same time, work with the fathers begins to stabilize these communities and these families through that father engagement and plugging that father back in. Yeah, um, and the the rate at which this does happen is not overnight, which is why a lot of the initiatives don't get the attention because the bang buck isn't something you see immediate. It's something that reaches the kids three to five years after engagement, right? As we begin to develop that father. And then, you know, that relationship begins to mold in the three to five years, which sometimes, again, those funders or those people don't want to see the long game. They want to see that immediate impact. So we concentrate that immediate impact to what we affect the father with. The science tells us that it affects the kids in a huge way.

32:23 - Jessica Luckey
Absolutely. No, I think.

32:26 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Well, I'm sorry. I was going to say, I'm an implementation scientist. I'm actually graduating next week. I'll be one of the first recognized implementation scientists in the nation. So, my whole job, and that's from Dartmouth, is really expensive. So, you can find a grant to repay that. That would be great. But with that, everything that you're saying just makes sense. I'm all about data storytelling. So we build it, everything that we do in touch, and all our proposals and everything is about being able to tell that data story and taking that data, turning it from data into synthesized information, and then how it produces an ROI for the stakeholders in the community, and how we sustain that because. That's a big issue, especially in implementation sciences, sustainment after funding, right? So, yeah, I get the St. David's grant this year, but now I scaled up and scaled out, and I've outpaced my capacity to do the work. So, what does the day after tomorrow look like, So, I try to plan and build with sustainment already in mind so that we're not dependent on one funder. We're definitely not asking United Way to be our lead as far as any of our initiatives. But that letter of support, that supporting mechanism, that's gold. If I had you on any of my applications, just mentioned your name, like name drop, I promise you, I probably would have gotten it because what I have developed is amazing. It's just that I didn't have a collaborator at the time, and I was just. And that's why I told them in the application: doesn't matter if you pick me or not, this is still going to be available so that you can do the work. And so, I've actually been able to build a relationship with St. David, which is also very important, just knowing those people and having those conversations. So, like, because I was just some strange guy with an application before, but now that just like an idea, right?

34:30 - Jessica Luckey
I love it.

34:31 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Yeah. And so I'm all about. Being able to not just say that we're do the work and this is what we're going to, I'm show you. And so I always say the audio has to match the video. I can't just tell you, oh, we got a great program and everyone loves it. That's not a metric. You know, it's okay, we got a great program. Everyone loves it. People are using it. 65% of those people went on to get jobs. 65% of those people went to be reunified with their kids. And then go on to college and you know, whatever that is. So, we're we really begin with the end in mind and backwards plan to with our end states and objectives already built in, and then the lines of effort and lines of operation that's gonna get us there and be able to do that with or without that funding because the program shouldn't stop if it's effective.

35:29 - Jessica Luckey
just because the money stopped you know and as we've seen in this political environment budgets and priorities shift really easily right now so you can't build your yeah you can't build your foundation on that to share too so as as you guys have been um sharing a little bit about your programs and the collaborations and the technology that's being built um shifting back to the episcopal health foundation application I'm actually wondering if we might see more alignment with the strengthening comprehensive care opportunity if it's positioned like this. In your relationship with Black Men's Health Clinic, if they, if we're positioning the dad's care too, if we're positioning that as a supportive service on top, of the medical support that folks are receiving at that clinic. And you're saying maybe this curriculum is an extension of that, and there's some level of eligibility that's determined, but it's sort of in some ways starts with the clinic. I wonder if that might be a really strong application that you could also pull in the technology that you've been talking about, Dr. Flood, with the application and benefits evaluation of like figuring out who's applied and whether or not they've accessed, et cetera. That to me sounds like a very comprehensive application where you're saying, you know, we're starting with health and we're moving on to behavior and case management and client support and all of those things that are unequivocally drivers of health.

37:29 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
We call that the system of care.

37:31 - Jessica Luckey
Yeah, does that resonate with that with that driver?

37:36 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yes. So, yeah, that is in our logic model in a flow of services. If we have three different leads for that system of care, one of those is mental health, the other one is homelessness, and the other one is coming out of incarceration. So, you know, one of those three nodes can push the driver for the dad's care to logic model. And then it goes into all those determinants all those other different determinants along the way but starting with the health and going into the full system of care is another model in our logic model yes ma'am yeah and would it be of interest from black men's health clinic to co-apply on that opportunity yes yes they have agreed to co-apply Oh, excite. Okay, and this one is we have a signed partnership with Black Men's Health Clinic and for information sharing as well. So, along with a possible collaboration between us and United Way, it be possible letters of support and information sharing for family stability. So, as you guys may be dealing with a family in need, you would also. Offer to them, hey, we have something for the father in supporting him. So it'll kind of be like a shared referral service for the families that we engage with throughout the year.

39:12 - Jessica Luckey
Yeah, I love that.

39:14 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
And I can show you what I offered them real quick. I can share my screen because I think seeing this believing, it'll take a couple. Okay.

39:24 - Jessica Luckey
And then I just wanted to note, so originally we were talking about the EHF maximizing connections opportunity, but it sounds like we might be in agreement that the strengthening comprehensive care might be the most relevant opportunity to the system that you all are describing. Is that right?

39:42 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yes, I believe that is the case. That is the stronger direction for this group.

39:52 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Yeah, I think being more comprehensive and holistic avoids that single point of failure. And having all the programs come together. So, yeah, this is the website. I can always share it. But yeah, we equip youth veterans and returning since families and organizations with AI-powered training, verifiable credentials, and infrastructure. And so Texas is our first deployment site. Like I said, Williamston, Hayes, Bathshop, Caldwell, Travis counties. And then you can find out what your family qualifies for. You can pull neighborhood data to include crime data, everything from, I think I got over like, 900 public resources on there. And then that's my 5013C status and everything. So it's all there for any funders or anybody. And then we have workforce training, inmate reentry, foster youth, because that's a big issue right now when they age out. Veterans, health equity, youth development, and community health.

41:02 - Unidentified Speaker
So that's where.

41:03 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
where we tie in with what Eric's doing. And then this is the CTX health enrollment. That's what I offered them. So they just go there, start their enrollment, and then we look at the outcomes, as I said. So we have the targets for SNAP, Medicaid, Chip, ETIC, WIC, and all the others. And then everyone, whoever came on, would look at the same dashboard. And then We look at the five priority areas. So healthcare access, mental health, dental, healthy aging, and healthy children and families. And then that's the pipeline. So we literally track from day one. And then all the forms that you would need. So you're looking at healthcare access.

41:52 - Unidentified Speaker
You click here for the Medicaid, the chip, any one of those.

41:56 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Same thing for mental health, dental. So it's all there. There. And then it tells what the budget is, what people qualify for. So you know all the coverage. And then it tells you right here how to apply by county because each county has different rules. And so, same thing for Medicaid, and then the documents that you need, and does the same thing for each one of the programs. So not only are you you helping them fish, but you're teaching them how to fish and then earned income tax credit, child tax credit, all of it? Um, how to enroll for health insurance, uh, SSI, TANF. Um, this is a Travis County-only program, but it's available too. So it's that's why I said so much funding, like right there, is probably. Doing my head, probably $30,000 worth of funding right there just for one family. You that's a big, that's a huge difference. And then there's an enrollment wizard. So you're not doing it yourself. You just put all your information in and you go through it and it'll make sure that you have submission ready document. And then there's our tracker. All the counties, all the benefits, all the statuses. And then it'll generate the receipt. So that's how that works. And then it has the public screener. So we can walk you through. And so you tell us about your household, everything else, and we'll let you know what benefits you will qualify for. And so that's the whole basis of the system is to just help people help themselves. And if they need help, we can provide all those resources too. And let's see if I can get it to click. It covers 10 different languages. So we can capture people even if they don't speak English. And so. We can ensure that we're capturing all populations without having anything to and then same thing. When you first log in, you can say if you're a community member, a student, a peer or CHW, or organization leader, partner organization, or Admin. And then you just go from there. But yep, you can serve people, get funded. Grow, and connect. So that's, I told you I'll be brief, but that's how we integrate. And so he does the actual work on the ground. And then I measure and I give people the services that they can use in real time so that they can get those types of benefits. So nobody falls through the crap.

45:02 - Deneece Ferrales
That's great. That's a great platform. Hey, I'm going to take just a few minutes now to talk to you guys because one of the main reasons for our conversation was to talk about collaborative grants. And as I was thinking, and Jessica mentioned it, that one of the better ways that we could help you out was to get you involved in our early childhood coalition so that you can get the power of not just United Way. But a whole coalition writing a letter of support and saying, yes, they work collaboratively with this coalition. And I have to, I apologize, I have to hop off a little bit before 11 for my next appointment. So if y'all will indulge me for just a few minutes, I think maybe we can talk a little bit about some other ways that you can go around partnering for a couple of these grants that you're interested in. In. So United Way has several early childhood coalitions, but I think that the ones that would best serve you are Success by Six. And with Success by Six, we have two coalitions: we have one in Travis County that's facilitated by Barbara Grant Bonita, and one in Williamson County, which is facilitated by me. The one, both of the coalitions have a pretty large membership. Of course, Travis's is much larger. The Travis County Success by Six has been around for about 20 years. So it's got a strong foundation, has been very active and successful in implementing policy around child care, early childhood education, that sort of thing. My Success by Six, the Wilco Success by Six is in its fourth year. We've had one strategic plan that lasted three years and just developed last year a new strategic plan for the next five years. We've had some smaller successes. We haven't been around as long yet, but we're building and growing and are pretty active and becoming quite a well-known coalition. We're the only early childhood coalition in Williamson County. So we are, so we're able to pull in collaborators in that way. Both coalitions are attended by ISDs, nonprofits, other early childhood collaborators, government entities, workforce commission, you know, that's kind of what the memberships of both Success by Sixes look like, Barbara and I are frequently asked by our partner organizations, by those partner organizations that are a part of the Success by Six Coalition, to write letters of support on behalf of the coalition, which carries with it a couple of things. One is the Success by Six Coalition is very much a county coalition. It's not a program of the United Way, but it is powered by United Way. You know, United Way does pay for my time to go and facilitate that coalition, and United Way does fund food for the coalition meetings and those kinds of things. And so, United Way backbones that work. But I work really hard, and Barbara does too, to make sure that the counties understand that those are coalition, that those coalitions belong to the county necessarily the United Way. But when I write that letter of support, it's got both logos on the bottom, you know, both Success by Six and you know, United Way for Greater Austin. And so, um, so Success by Six, the Wilco Success by Six meets every other month, so six times a year. The Austin one, I think, meets quarterly, so four times a year. Um, the Wilco, both of them have. Most of the work takes place in the work group environment, have smaller work groups. And so, those smaller work groups are where we're actually like moving things forward and saying, okay, you know, how are we going to, how are we going to do this? How whatnot. One of the Wilco Success by Sixes is around family support resources, and Jessica actually partners with us and helps lead that work. Because one person cannot lead the work of six or seven different things. So, both Barbara and so our are colleagues at United Way and the work that they're involved in for both Barbara help with moving the coalition work forward. And so, in that particular area, Jessica helps move that coalition work forward. I would suggest that that might be a place for you to be involved. Those your resource coalition, Jessica, it's an online meeting, isn't it? It?

50:07 - Unidentified Speaker
Yes, those are virtual.

50:08 - Deneece Ferrales
Yeah, virtual.

50:10 - Deneece Ferrales
So that meeting is virtual. Our coalition meetings are in person. And our next one is actually next Thursday, June 11th at 9 a.m. At Vera Bank. If y'all are interested in coming and just checking out the coalition, okay, I will forward. I have an invitation that I will forward to you. When you get it, it's got a place to register. You have to register to download the calendar invitation. So, register for the meeting and download the calendar invitation. Also, we'd like register because we buy you breakfast. So, we want to know that you're coming so enough breakfast. Um, so, um, but I would suggest that that might be a good place. If nothing else, no, I want to be real clear. We, the coalitions operate on a collective impact model. So, we are bringing together organizations with the intent that these goals and objectives are not just. You know fun fun ideals that we would like but that we are going to as a collaborative effort of multiple entities move whatever we're whatever supports for early childhood forward in williamson county but the so it's not a it's not like williamson county nonprofit where you just come together and hear what everybody's doing it there's actually you know work involved but the bigger coalition meetings are not as heavy duty. Those tend to be a little more informational and have a little bit more opportunity for networking than what the work group meetings do because the work group meetings are really about moving the work forward. So I would suggest just coming, seeing who's a member, who y'all is a member of the coalition, you know, meeting people and seeing where, you know, seeing if there are other people that are interested in collaborating. I know the Georgetown Project has an excellent reputation. And they have said in the past that they're interested in fatherhood services and how they're.

52:03 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yes, I've talked with them a couple of times. And I'm just curious: is this coalition, is Central Texas Community Foundation a part of that coalition?

52:13 - Deneece Ferrales
They are not. I wish they were. We're trying to, there's several areas where we're trying to get a few more people in. I know there are funders that are a part of the Austin Travis County Success by Six, not Central Texas. Health Foundation. Georgetown Health Foundation is a part of the Williamson County Success by Six, and Greater Taylor Community Foundation is a part of the Williamson County Success by Six. But no, we haven't gotten Central Texas in. However, Amy Misklees that works at Central Texas Community Foundation. Used to work for United Way and was very, we very closely worked together as Success by Six was developing. So I know she's got, you know, positive regards for Success by Six.

52:59 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yeah, I just sent an email, got an email about that coalition, and I'm joining that coalition with Central Texas because they have one for Central Texas and the different organizations. Provided. I was just curious to see if they were associated at all.

53:17 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
But if we come to the meeting, you buy us breakfast, we like it, we want to stay, how do we become a member?

53:27 - Deneece Ferrales
Very easy. There is a, I have a memorandum of agreement that just basically says, you know, I'm attend meetings, I'm going to participate in the work group. You'll see me. I'm not going to send a different, and this is really the bigger organizations. Sometimes the big organizations want to send a different person to each meeting, and it's really hard to move work forward when you're dealing with new people every single time. So, we're kind of like in the same person or same group of people are going to, you know, continue to come. And there is an attendance requirement, but which is five out of six coalition meetings a year. But i've already had a lot of pushback from organizations going I don't know if we can commit to that especially our isds were sort of like no no so we're coming up with ways to work around that so don't let that scare you because we're we're coming up with ways to work around it the idea is that if you have new and different people in the meeting every single time it's really hard to move work forward so it's trying to get that consistent participation, but yeah, if you want to join the coalition, no problem. I can send you a link to the memorandum of agreement. You sign the memorandum of agreement, I put you in our directory, and there we go.

54:45 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
You're definitely, I'm definitely wanting to join. And send me the one you're you're just joining to, Eric. I'm trying to be in part of coalition on top of coalition. I'm also the uh chairman of the Pflugerville ISD Shack, so um, I know about. How fragmented meetings can get if people not the same people attend. It's like we're having the same meeting we had last month because five of you chose to stay home. And now here we go. Yeah.

55:14 - Deneece Ferrales
It's like we all, we all sent our colleagues, but she was in a different department. Now I'm, now I'm here and you know, our, yeah, yeah, that kind of stuff can get Terry. Some of the uh community the child care infrastructure meeting that you're um coming to next week it has opportunities for williams and burnett county um rural capital and uh um georgetown project in the room and that could that started as a brainchild of success by six so that and so there you're you'll you'll you know you're the georgetown collaborative and success by six together have kind of been propelling that work. So that'll give you an opportunity to. And Success by Six is Thursday morning. That meeting's Thursday afternoon. So you're going to be around the same people all day, but that may give you some insight into maybe becoming part of the Georgetown Collaborative, if that's something you decide to do and give you a lot more feel for some of the work that's happening in Will Coat by the grassroots agencies that exist in Will Coat.

56:23 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
But yeah, If it makes any sense, the name of my nonprofit is the Collaborative Advocate Foundation. So collaboration is literally in my nonprofit's name. So yeah.

56:37 - Deneece Ferrales
Right there in the name. I love it. I love it. And yeah. And if you've never studied collective impact, take a look at the online at the Collective Impact Forum or FSG and just kind of look at the tenets of collective impact. Um because that's what we follow okay my other meeting is starting um so i've got to go um uh Jessica I'm gonna I'm gonna leave if you'll just end this meeting appreciate it because I need to jump over to the other one real quick um and uh uh you know thank you all very much I'll send you an invitation we'll go from there and we'll talk a little bit more about what success by six can do in terms of connecting you with people and helping you guys move toward these grants. I'd also like to have a little conversation about Success by Six and Fatherhood, but again, got to jump over to the other meeting. But thank you.

57:32 - Jessica Luckey
Thanks, Deneece. And I also have to jump into a meeting here at 11. So, what I'm hearing is that you, again, I think. The strongest opportunity for collaborative application is within the Episcopal Health Foundation. Although those other opportunities, although the one didn't seem open just yet, the St. David's opportunity, I think, so long as you're tying in a really, really heavy tie-in to community voice, I think that's a really solid opportunity for the work that you all are doing. But with the Episcopal Health Foundation, we're, I guess. For both. We're absolutely happy to be referenced and to provide letters of support after you, you know, share out any application materials with us. We're happy to review those and also provide feedback as an organization that's been applying for both of those to both of those foundations for a while now. Happy to share any insight that we've gained as well.

58:38 - Jessica Luckey
Before I jump off anything else, No, you've been a wealth of information.

58:43 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
I graciously appreciate you guys' willingness to collaborate. I thank you because all United Ways and all the areas are not the same. So, again, I thank you again for your willingness to collaborate and let's move this initiative forward.

58:59 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Will you be at the meeting on Thursday?

59:03 - Jessica Luckey
Which Thursday? This Thursday?

59:04 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Next Thursday.

59:06 - Jessica Luckey
That's the 11th. Oh, yes. Uh-huh. Okay. Yep. So I'll see you then.

59:13 - Unidentified Speaker
Have you guys sent us the information?

59:17 - Jessica Luckey
No, but I'll connect with Deneece to leave.

59:20 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
She was going to send it out. Okay. I didn't know which one said it. I just want to make sure.

59:25 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
Yeah. Deneece said she was going to send it.

59:27 - Conference Room (Dr. Terry Flood) - Speaker 1
Thank you for keeping us in line, Jamaika.

59:30 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
I got you.

59:32 - Eric Hargrave, Dads Care 2
All right.

59:32 - Jessica Luckey
You got so much, Jessica. All right, travel there. Bye.